What,
what the fuck was that?
That's your new one.
Jesus son.
That's a little out of hand.
Is that lobbying for or against gun control?
Neither.
He said he's on his own plane of existence.
I'm questioning now.
Mike,
the Joe Rogan experience podcast is brought to you by hover,
hover.com.
Forward Slash Rogan go there,
you will get 10% off your domain name.
Registrations.
Hover is a company,
it's owned by our friends that own Tang.
And uh,
they,
they have the same sort of,
uh,
ideas going into this.
It would create a non evil company that puts,
puts out a good product,
has a domain name registrations.
They give you a lot of stuff for free that you don't get for free.
And other companies like who is,
uh,
privacy,
um,
where you can,
you know,
somebody doesn't have to know where you live just cause you want to register a
domain.
Uh,
so they,
they,
they set you up like that for free.
Um,
it's very easy to use company.
Uh,
I've wet registered domains myself on it.
It's super clean and intuitive and a,
it's an excellent company.
And if you go to hover.com Rogan,
you'll get 10% off your domain name registrations.
All right?
You fucks were also brought to you by Squarespace.
Squarespace is an all in one website platform that gives you hosting analytics
24 seven support and domain with annual plans,
subscriptions.
Squarespace has it set up so that you,
the regular person who knows almost nothing about coding or nothing can go and
you can make your own website.
It's easy,
it's intuitive,
it's,
it's super cool to,
to try and fuck around with and you don't even have to pay for it to do it.
You try it out,
go there.
You know,
you don't have to enter in any credit card information.
Just try it out.
Um,
try to put together your,
your own website and see what it feels like.
And if you like it,
you can sign up for it.
Use the code Joe too.
That's Joe.
And then number two,
and you save yourself some money if fucks.
Um,
Squarespace.
Also as I'm writing this down task,
that's how my people responding.
One of the cool things about Squarespace is it's also set up for commerce.
Very easy to do.
So you can literally right away get set up and start selling shit,
whatever it is,
t shirts,
hats,
whatever you're doing.
It's super easy to set up.
It's exceptionally well designed.
Squarespace has an award winning program design team and user interface experts.
So it's,
it's a fucking Badass site.
If you want to create a website,
look no further,
go to Squarespace.
And if you enter in,
if you go to squarespace.com forward slash Joe,
there you go there.
And again,
no credit card needed.
Just try it out and start building your website.
If you decide to purchase it,
you use the code Joe too.
That's Joe and the number two together,
you get 10% off your first purchase.
And,
and by the way,
it's already mobile setup.
So like if you have an iPad or an iPhone,
it,
it already has the plugins that make it mobile friendly.
I know all about square's Ville.
We'll,
we'll Squarespace help me.
You know about square's Ville,
like said,
hey man,
like a 1950 tents to movie.
This cat square's Ville.
Oh yeah.
We don't need any more commercials.
Goddammit.
David Lee Roth was here to the music.
A living commercial.
squarespace.com forward slash Joe,
go fuck yourself.
All right.
Experience
Joe Rogan podcast.
It fucking with Niggas.
Nexia
has his voice.
You've got to stop doing that.
Stop doing that.
I was going to say,
is that a remax or is that a Nicky is electro typo.
Digital cyber something.
You got to stop doing the accent that you're doing.
One.
Number two,
you got to bring back the English voice.
I missed that check.
Did you have a chick with a British accent?
It was a robot chick with a British accent.
Oh,
that's of a robot chick with a British accent.
I like that.
And about it,
Matt.
And it was,
was it another chick pretending to be a British checks,
but sounding like a robot.
Something along those lines.
It's like,
I think I know her.
Oh,
that was,
that was David Lee Roth.
Ladies and gentlemen.
So we've started off talking about girls with no last names and I have three.
Yeah,
I just pulled that off.
Is that a real name?
David Lee Ross.
Your real name?
That is my real is the way to rock it,
right?
Make it to sh to superstar status on your real name.
Well,
I started using the middle name because I thought it sounded more like southern,
which it kind of does.
Yeah,
right.
Why southern?
Why would you want to,
do you want to sound more southern?
I Dunno.
Let it scale.
Well yeah,
you see,
there you go.
Let it go.
Who would ever thought that Leonard skittered would be a name that's like a
Baltic,
uh,
euros.
Who would be Mr. Skinner?
That's like the Mr Gabler.
How about Van Halen?
Venn.
Helen's a pretty odd name for a band as well.
It was my idea too.
I said on the heels of like Santana,
right?
It sounds kind of dramatic.
Maybe it's the name of a,
uh,
a sailing ship or this and name of a sailing captain or the name of the wind.
That's what I always thought Santana was.
Yes.
The name of the guitar player,
but you say it the same and much like Linux skin it all it has to do is be
awesome.
It doesn't really matter what the name you call it is.
It's going to improve that.
Right.
Well we maybe they proved that the more colorful it is like Schwartz and Egger,
whoever thought that if you saw that in print,
you know originally an old Hollywood style through you would look and go no way.
But maybe that's part of the reason it's so well known is wonder how many people
Arnold Schwarzenegger called up and it's like,
see I told you no shit.
You fuck with my life and do the,
and those shit.
I would have been one who would have thought,
no,
you can't go with that long last name Ken though.
Like even the way Skinner,
it's spelled their name was like l y n a r d s k y and r d you got to get like a
name,
like a verb like shit or oh sure.
But skittered pulled it off.
You can pull it off.
It's not the right way to do it.
But you can,
you can just make a fucking goofy spelling of something and it actually can
work.
It's always names like,
um,
Engelbert Humperdinck right.
Anybody else in this room?
Old enough to remember that name?
He was a,
but he was like a lounge singer,
kind of,
you know,
in the,
uh,
I did it my way.
I think it's a real name to,
where did you guys start out?
What state did you guys start out?
Oh,
we started off in the usual state of confusion,
but really mostly down the street.
Bicycle distance.
Good question.
Because it is only bicycle distance.
I'm in Pasadena.
And uh,
coming out of high school,
you know,
it was time,
you're,
you're playing backyard parties and the occasional wedding and whatnot because
you're not quite old enough to play in the bars.
And when van Halen was playing in the bars around here,
nobody had any money for a sound system.
We don't blink.
Now when you see some big boom speakers,
you know in the corners and there's a guy with her,
you know,
he's got his own,
uh,
well now you can take your iPod plugging in,
but you know,
a couple of turn tables and some people with some cool head gear.
We don't blink when we see that.
But uh,
coming up all the way up until the late seventies,
nobody had that.
You had to have a live band and we played five 45 minutes sets a night,
usually five and six nights a week at ever.
This could have been a club right here,
this right here.
It could have easily done it as long as a stage meant something that you tripped
your toe over.
Sometimes it was just marked off,
you know?
Well the stage used to be there.
So technically it's always there or the stages in your heart.
So
like basically perform on a dance floor.
Oh Torian many,
many times face to face with the rest of the human race.
And we've got used to doing that at parties,
backyard parties where we would rent the light,
you know,
would get pull up one of the cars and get the little mini trooper at spotlight
for 55 bucks for the weekend and put it up on top of the gardening shack or the
room that,
you know,
when somebody has a swimming pool,
you got to have the little shed that uh,
uh,
all the pool equipment fits in.
Well that's perfect for putting somebody up there.
It's like out of a movie,
you know,
a rock and roll movie.
If you put the uh,
you know,
character up there and uh,
give them enough six pack,
you know that he stays up there for the whole show,
but he gets progressively drunker or he brings his girlfriends up there and then
the roof caves in how you guys write.
You gotta write this down.
We've got a recording
with a translator and
it'll take some take notes.
Check it for veracity.
Yeah.
So,
but around Pasadena,
oh wow.
This is a lot of great bands came from California.
It's funny how like you see states in some states is great bands will blossom
out of,
and then you see there's a ton of states where you hardly ever see any bands
come from.
I'm going to wonder if it's because of where Showbiz is located because the
opportunities are always here,
whether you're trying to play television or get into the movies,
singing and dancing in the background,
or you want to be,
uh,
in rock and roll,
you know.
Well,
he got to be discovered by the record company,
you know,
for 20,
30,
40 years.
It was that.
Now maybe it's another method may be now you email back and forth and you know,
your intercepted somehow.
Now it probably,
there's a novelty to not being from Hollywood.
It's probably a novelty.
These buys are bad ass and they live in South Dakota.
I,
whoa.
They live in a place that fucking sucks.
Awesome.
They,
that might be the band,
you know,
and there might not be Utah from Utah.
They love Utah.
Mormons haven't get tailored,
raised Mormon.
They technically,
they,
they still wear the underwear,
but they're confused.
Just underwear.
I think that's her name,
but the pan is bad ass.
All that strife and confusion is in their music.
Man.
You always want something from far away.
The rarity,
right?
If it comes from a out on the Tundra somewhere,
you know,
you told us before the show that you've been living in Tokyo for the last 10
months,
maybe a little bit longer actually know.
How did that come about?
Well,
uh,
like all like all the best wandering stories.
It started out a bit on unexpectedly.
We were going to play in the van Halen van and um,
uh,
ed took sick and we had to postpone everything.
And uh,
I was already going to show up a month or two early,
kind of get my feet wet,
see what it's like being there as opposed to just visiting if he'd go for a week
or two or three of them.
Okay.
You know,
you can eat pretty much whatever you want and you don't really have a legit
schedule that you're keeping every day.
You're probably not shopping for yourself.
It probably know cooking for yourself and that kind of thing.
And,
um,
once you had took sick,
I said,
you know,
I'm,
I'm going to stick with the schedule and a,
I'm going to get there a few months early for the Gig that didn't happen.
And,
uh,
how long is it gonna be before,
you know,
he's feeling well and ready to play.
And they said,
oh,
about 10 and a half months.
I said,
well,
I'll be busted in a groove in the Hong goal then.
You know,
it was,
what is the,
what's his,
what's wrong with,
and he had some stomach issues and some stomach ailments,
but he's healed up just fine.
And we're going to be playing in Australia coming up in that a serious thing
though.
Something that takes you off for 10 and a half months.
Like wow,
that's a no,
he got,
well,
you're pretty astute.
They're,
he uh,
got well a lot sooner but they couldn't position the gigs and close with to make
room for baseball season and uh,
a lot of seasons in Tokyo as so know when you decide to just pack up and go to
Tokyo,
do you know people there or are you traveling with people?
Like how,
how did,
how'd you rock it?
I didn't know anybody when I went there I said,
uh,
you know,
classic Old Jack London,
let's just sign up for something and fuck,
I love that you didn't know.
I'm going set up shop and I'll find an apartment and I'll use my smile like a
ray gun there.
He say
we're friends right away.
I learned right away how to say,
you know,
15 self effacing make fun of myself things because when you know,
in Japanese,
when I was a new Hong Kong I headed days.
I mean what I'm saying right away my,
my Japanese is bad.
Please excuse me.
And if I make the right funny face instantly anybody in any room exhales and
goes,
okay,
he's not that dangerous.
Do you,
did you try like to use Rosetta stone and like how'd you,
uh,
how'd you learn how to speak Japanese?
No,
I go to school a couple hours a day.
I go every day over the weekend.
Yep.
You go and take Japanese last I do.
And then,
uh,
I was wanting to,
you know,
just being around the martial arts,
you always think someday,
wow,
if I'm,
if I'm a Kung Fu than some day I'm going to go to the temple and I'm going to
fly through the air.
And he had on his some day,
if I'm in a professional wrestling,
then I'm going to go to Vince,
Vince Mcmahon's place and I want to train and I'm going to be called diamond
somebody and I'll do that.
And if I play all the ball,
I wasn't going to go to the NFL.
So your idea was just like,
fuck it,
I'm just going to live in Japan for while they've always wanted to go to Japan
and train with that sword,
you know,
and learn it from the real guys,
the real people.
So that is what you were going to do guys.
We're going to do an extended tour in Japan.
Is that what the idea was?
Ended in Japan means two weeks.
They're like,
yeah,
we live in an iPod society now.
Everything is kind of condensed kosher,
that means,
but he actually meets crushed and uh,
everything's kind of condensed there.
So when you go to Japan,
just touring,
you're like race horse and I,
you know,
and I admitted,
hey,
when not,
when it's time for touring,
you want the very best show out of me possible.
So that's each sleep raise when eat,
sleep raceway.
And uh,
what you're going to see through the window is come on.
I think if you were going to be in the Olympics and you had two weeks to do it,
would you be going out to eat at night?
No.
Would you be going to the movies and out,
dancing and carrying on?
You're there for two weeks for the Olympics.
So,
uh,
when we play with the band then you know,
you really,
you can kind of get your face stay very focused there.
Um,
but I actually go back and live somewhere.
I actually will return and go and you know,
spend,
we say 18 months,
that's kind of metric for a year and a half,
two years if we're really having a decent time of it there.
And I don't require much at all.
You know,
my,
uh,
the smallest size of,
my apartment is probably as big as that little coffee room back there and
really?
Oh yeah.
You know,
I grew up around national geographic magazines,
you know,
or there's the guy sitting in the back of the boat,
and he's going around the world and he can reach everything.
It's like at the desk right here,
like in the Brian and everybody and everybody just surrounded by gear and stuff.
And you only have to kind of stretch a little bit to reach every,
there's the Coffee Cup and there's the teller.
I don't know what it tiller is,
but you can reach it.
And over here is the electric companies and over,
here's the camera.
And I always kind of done that.
Tour buses are the same thing.
So you like just living in this small apartment.
It's like you're,
you're going back to your roots,
your like roughing it almost.
Oh yeah.
You Bet.
And my teachers are very unforgiving,
you know,
they're very,
uh,
you know,
what he calls [inaudible].
You have any idea who you are?
Oh sure.
Kiyoshi no,
Tanya,
no hotel.
Nice try.
What did you just look up?
Nadi name will God they could Gol Kido not what does that,
it's from gangster movies and he should do you think you're talking,
you still train in martial arts?
Yes.
Well that's part of the reason I'm there is I training can Jitsu.
I do the long sword that cut Donna,
you know,
the summer night sword and I have a teacher there that I go to three times a
week and I got to do the homework and it's,
you know,
I've worked my way up to that.
At the end of the last van Halen tour.
I was in the shape of my life or as,
as as best to shape is my whole life will now.
Oh Wow.
And,
uh,
I said,
wow,
I can keep up with pretty much anybody at this point.
Let's not waste it.
And I went,
uh,
you know,
ed took ill and,
uh,
I just,
yeah,
I'll still come and I'm going to move in.
And uh,
I got going.
So you'd do you train like sword fighting put that's part of the town and stuff.
Is it similar to Kendo?
Like will you,
you'll walk each other with fake swords?
We have that.
We have a use real swords,
the steel swords for doing forms and a fast draw,
you know,
slow draw.
A lot of times what you see in guide all what's,
uh,
which is a,
it's kind of a cottage slow.
Think of it like a Tai Chi for the Anita,
for those of you who are listening to this who are unfamiliar with it.
Um,
but you do it with swords.
fast,
dry is exactly what it says it is.
It's,
you know,
and uh,
keep the art form alive.
It's all the same stuff that would do with a Billy club.
It's all the same stuff you would do with one of those preparing for the
apocalypse.
I am,
man.
She would run out of bullets and you have to Samurai sword the fuck out of here.
Well I'll be teaching people how to do that.
That's what you do when the apocalypse hits.
I'll be a accredited by then we'll go to the diamond Dave camp diamond Dave camp
for survival and dark days.
Are you concerned with the fight?
I would wear that shirt actually not a bad.
Are you concerned that with the food toxins and stuff like that and in Japan
like the,
you know the nuclear shit that's going on with the earthquake?
Of course I am and I'm con I am super consumed with that everywhere I go.
The only rationalization that I can use and I do use the rationalization is that
I gave up a lot of my personal rights,
just me,
Dave Roth personal rights to complain about 1200 thousand Marlboro cigarettes
ago and that about 780,000 gallons of Schlitz malt liquor.
The bowl that came in the tall can Schlitz is your shit.
The blue and yellow and blue and white.
I can,
oh about 12,000 cans at to go.
I gave up a lot of my rights to whine about what,
what I'm in jazz.
Do you still smoking?
Occasionally.
Yeah.
Well you get that,
that very,
that baritone.
Well that's,
that's a justification a lot.
That's why I do,
I do it for the fame.
I do it for the kids.
I smoked for the kids.
Let them know it still hit.
How many do you do a day?
I would say maybe two.
Two a day.
Yeah.
And uh,
um,
I got to pull the plug on that as I watch this guy.
I watched him struggle.
He got what?
He quit once and then went back on it cause it's cat hurt his foot
and you stressed over the cat.
He was like,
that's,
it doesn't take this shit anymore.
Where's the cigarette?
My Poor Kitty Tracy.
Limping a little.
And you had a like a moment,
right?
Well there was other things around it.
It just was.
The breaking point was when my cat injured itself,
my fiance,
my fiance left me and all this other shit.
At the same time.
Cathartic like a psychoanalytical clinical moment noise and thing.
You'll triggers that.
You're associating with the things that are not that big.
Right.
He's actually getting to the root of the problem.
Dave preach.
Oh,
that's talking to cigarettes.
I didn't know anyone
like they used to say to me did that,
I don't know what's wrong with you.
What?
I'm sure it's hard to smell.
Have you ever tried electronic cigarettes?
Electronic cigarettes?
What do they do?
You never seen it.
It's necessarily look like a cigarette.
It comes and gives you the tobacco button.
Miss comes out,
there's no smoke and it's not bad for your lungs.
Check this out,
watch this.
Yeah,
and it's,
yeah,
it's in the nicotine gives you the fixed and he could smoke anywhere.
Yeah.
Haven't you seen this to track Dorf commercial?
I'm familiar with this to some degree,
but there's not a lot like lap dancing.
Can you tighten this thing?
This is a,
this is moving around like laptops.
No,
it's definitely different.
It's,
um,
the,
the idea behind it is it gives you all the nicotine,
but it does,
you're not smoking any burning chemical.
Ah,
like it's like a vaporizer that delivers nicotine as well.
I'm not going to make fun of nicotine because,
um,
if you look back in all of our favorite authors and all of our favorite jazz
musicians and a whole lot of other folks involved,
um,
nicotine plays a huge part in what they did.
Sigmund Freud used to smoke what,
two boxes of cigars a day?
Mark Twain.
Yeah,
same thing.
Yeah.
The list is long.
Winston Churchill two boxes a day.
Yeah.
There was a,
well,
I forget what intellectual,
very famous Guy Englishman.
Uh,
he would,
he wouldn't fly unless you can get a seat in the back so he could smoke his pipe
like back.
That was back in the day when you were allowed to smoke on cigarettes.
Yeah.
I'm going to,
but I'm going to wonder what the action is.
There's a big connection between nicotine and people who are the real cerebral
players of our culture.
Oh,
relaxes.
Well,
it's a good,
it's not bad.
The real issue with nicotine is the delivery method.
The where where it's really toxic is in all the different chemicals that are
lovely government is allowed cigarette companies to put into these fucking
things to to make them more addictive.
That was the Russell Crowe movie insider.
Did you ever see that movie?
Great movie?
Russell Crowe plays a scientist who works for the tobacco companies.
She was formulated it various chemicals that make you addicted to cigarettes.
Your,
your addiction to cigarettes is so intense and so extreme because they've
allowed the cigarette companies to engineer their cigarettes to have the maximum
amount of addiction.
It plays on several key factors and your,
your,
your biological system and it was all detailed in this movie.
So it's not the cigarettes,
it's not the tobacco rather it's all the other shit.
It's 590 different chemicals.
It's not just tobacco.
Like if you buy like American spirits,
that's just tobacco,
right?
Is that the deal?
Or if you buy your that stuff where you roll your own,
those are,
that's actually tobacco.
It's supposedly way better for you.
Real issues,
all the other shit.
It's never going to be great for you.
You Smoking,
burning plant matter,
but it's definitely way better.
You know what?
Japanese energy drinks have nicotine in it.
Wow.
Yeah.
I had a,
one of the translators,
uh,
relate that to me because I was,
I had one was like really
mean looking in.
It made me feel mean.
I was like,
you know,
I was yelling at people and I was angry at inanimate objects and stuff and
accusatory,
you know,
and this kind of thing.
And uh,
I thought,
wow,
this is great.
I wonder if I can get this and this a stage.
So
yeah.
Why don't mind,
And I had her translate and I wonder,
can you put nicotine in drinks here?
You must be able,
you can get nicotine gum and just chew that Shit.
I know a lot of writers actually advocate that Pete,
for people who aren't even addicted to nicotine now for trying to kick it just
for a stimulant,
for the mind.
Yeah.
That's kind of in a circular way.
What we were just starting to talk about cigars too.
I love like a cigar bows.
Some scar buzzes,
great buzz and there's a connection to world's power there.
C probably right?
Although meaning all those guys don't have killing and fucking dropping bombs on
people at a big fats.
I pulled it off and I don't,
I don't think any of my favorite jazz music could have been made or composer
plays in in a smoke free environment.
Yeah.
Well you came from a time where clubs like the nightclubs where all smoke
filled,
right?
Completely smoke filled in every movie with smoke filled as well.
He's looking at all the old black and white movies.
It's the Stein fishing,
how much tobacco that's consumed.
James Bond movies are particularly specifically why I smoke.
There's nothing weird though than going back and watching those TV shows where a
doctor is talking to a patient while smoking a cigarette that have ever seen
that that is a trip.
That's one of the weirdest things you could ever see in your life,
but those 1950 shows,
that was fairly common.
Like the doctors.
You'd be reviewing your chart with a cigarette.
People didn't know.
Oh,
they really didn't.
That's amazing,
isn't it?
How could you not know it's change.
Bunch smoke.
Now
I,
you know,
this is so funny.
I watched Skyfall today.
I don't remember him having,
I don't think he does anymore.
He drinks it.
Fucks still though.
Thank God for that.
Most of defying all of our fucking heroes,
man.
Sean Connery's was smoking Rothmans king size and then gold finger and that's
where I saw it and I,
you know,
that's my went out and I got a pack of Rothman's king size.
You know the blue ones?
Mine was from watching you.
That's how I started it.
Well,
what brand did you start smoking?
Watching me got it from watching you lucky strike unfiltered.
No,
really that's,
you know,
that's a telling thing,
man.
You know when somebody says there were a Dave Roth fan or a van Halen Fan,
more appropriately.
It says a lot about your sense of humor and your fighting spirit.
Hey,
my love for stripper,
that's fighting spirit.
That's par.
That's subgroup a.
What is the name of his son?
Nicotine.
Do
you remember this didn't have an American name.
I think it's in a lot of them.
Anything that has an exclamation point or a black label on the front of it.
How do you guys have been to a talk,
Joe?
He had been to Japan.
What was your experience just shopping for the easy like chewing gum.
Did you,
what did you try any of that?
We were only there for a couple days but we did.
And what was your experience?
It's really easy.
You just go,
cause they all barely knew a little bit enough English that you could just go in
and like hi,
how are you doing?
And then they tell you how much it was.
It was easy to do that.
It was hard for me to find certain things like,
like you know like soapies or like hotels and stuff like that.
Like I got lost on foot trying to find my way back to the hotel and you know,
it was impossible for me to do that.
So I had to go to one.
It was a little police stations that are on every corner and he had to draw me a
map and it was weird.
Not Unusual.
It's like going to Jupiter.
Yeah.
People say,
you know,
okay,
uh,
there is a lot of English spoken,
but you know what it's like learning Spanish in the school system really is like
an alien world.
When you go to Tokyo.
It really is,
it's the culture is so different.
It's so different.
Everything is different.
Virtually everything.
Just shopping for dental floss is a whole different experience and the way that
you approach people,
you know,
bad back and forth,
the respect issue,
you know,
even though it may just be sugarcoating are really sharp New York City sense of
business and purpose,
you know,
underneath all of the old fashioned heighten those all,
you know and and so forth is every bit is savvy,
right?
Every modern cop thriller that's on the movie screens today as you know,
is right behind that guys sunglasses,
you know,
there's modern as can possibly be there.
So yeah.
But that sense of tradition still stays ooze very,
very strong and important.
You do take your shoes off when you walk into a person's place or when you walk
into a decent restaurant or whatever you do,
take your shoes off and there are loud a little,
uh,
things you have to learn,
a little ps and qs.
You Bet.
Now,
do you,
are you living with people that you're friends with from back home where you
just go by yourself?
You just totally Wayne Solo.
Yeah,
my dog.
Wow.
So you put the dog in like a,
a ship for like,
there's a way we ship 'em around and he goes,
he goes through the European way so that he doesn't have to do a 14 hours,
you know,
in a row there.
But,
uh,
people do it all the time.
Wow.
And a,
there's not a lot of guys you English is,
you know,
for Japanese,
for foreigner,
it's not a lot of guys,
young faces there,
which,
uh,
I enjoy it.
I ride my bicycle everywhere and I'm up and down.
Uh,
you know,
um,
I like in New York City,
I'm kinda uptown as well as the downtown and know,
look at the parking lot for a van Halen Gig.
You've got a Mercedes Benz parked next to a Harley Davidson
and nobody blinks.
I think I should know that same audience
is,
you know,
are the neighborhoods that I'm a forwarded access to.
Do you follow?
It was kind of a neighborhood.
Do you live in and Tokyo?
Like what do you,
uh,
oh,
I live in a pretty classic little place.
It's a apartment building.
Everything's vertical,
vertical communities there.
And uh,
I live up over a shopping mall that has a 24 hour,
uh,
grocery store underneath.
All right.
And that's in the basement you follow?
And then,
uh,
there's uh,
restaurants and shopping and then,
um,
uh,
all the coffee shops and everything that we have here,
it's really international where I am.
Um,
just 10 minutes away by bicycle is way downtown and that looks like the Star
Wars,
you know,
the bar scene where everybody's kind of mixing and matching,
15 different styles of,
you know,
one person outer space meets Surf 1970s Times a Ninja Warrior Times dreadlock
holiday meats,
you know,
they go on and not because they don't have neighborhoods,
they're just picking and choosing from different stores,
from different websites and you know,
they don't have neighborhoods like here we have,
say north Hollywood for the artists have silver lake for if you're an artist or
whatever.
Um,
if you are,
I'm up and coming a student in some sense of the word,
you'll stand down near USC or whatever.
Well no,
everybody's kind of mishmash together.
So you're nuts.
You can be even more creative.
It's not like you're growing up around a whole group of people who were all
doing the same thing you're doing.
You kind of create yourself in the mirror differently every single day.
Now did you find it hard to make friends there to like have people to have
conversations with an English?
I mean at that would think that that would wear on me after awhile.
Well,
yeah,
but I don't do a lot of listening anyway.
Talk to me with a barely speak English
past tense.
You need you really Joe.
That's hilarious.
As I learned,
you know,
it's almost kind of a hermit.
It's
a certain sense cause you,
you can't have it be that very,
very easily.
Um,
I like it because I'm in constant contact with people.
I do class with a variety of different teachers and out of that comes my friends
and this is where we're going to go to night and you know,
why don't you come visit over here,
et Cetera,
you know,
and uh,
that being said,
a with folks is as fast as you can learn it off of a,
from their language.
Teacher.
Japanese is heavy lifting.
I've,
uh,
I've learned a pretty fair in Spanish.
You know,
I can get us in trouble and halfway out in Spanish,
under duress,
under spotlights,
but,
uh,
in Japanese,
um,
well I can get everything done that I need to do.
I get shopping done.
I can go down due to the dry cleaning,
I can do the taxi,
I can,
you know,
get my way through the movies and the restaurants fairly fluent enough that I
can translate for me.
I'm not quite at the point where I can translate for you,
you know,
can you translate for you if you're watching something on television?
Yeah.
Well I can tell you the story.
I can tell you the plot line of what's going on,
who's doing what and you know,
what each guy is and what it represents.
When you're watching that,
is it like an instantaneous thing or is it like translating after you hear
something like are you look recognizing what he saying?
Like are you thinking about it in Japanese?
If that,
if that makes sense.
Hmm.
It's kind of like listening to somebody who is your own age that you know is a
compulsive liar.
So you're trying to pick out exact words that
may or may not make
you turn to your friend and go,
okay,
Bobby,
what happened?
Well,
there's even didn't go over there as the last night,
late,
okay.
And your print that one more.
How does he give me his teachings and his a two chicks and your print,
that word
six pack of beer and you print that word.
Now you're getting the real story and your,
your comprising it of all of the other,
uh,
white noise that your friend Bobby May be discerned dispensing.
That's where I'm at in Japanese television.
Now if I'm watching a sitcom or if I'm watching a movie,
then I can tell you what's going on and who's saying what to who,
but I can't get it exactly word for word.
What's going there?
Are you doing some sort of a web show from there?
I've been doing the Roth show for the last three,
four months.
I think we're on our 10th show.
And uh,
we finally just started talking about it.
That's part of the reason that I'm coming around through the pass here.
I love broadcasting.
I love just,
you know,
as we're doing now,
just shooting the shit on it.
Yeah.
I first that
what you can do now is probably so much frayer then you could do when you were
trying to,
when you're doing terrestrial radio,
when you know,
you did that for a while after Howard Stern,
right.
Oh,
while he means four and a half months.
So,
wow.
Yeah,
they,
it,
that was it.
That was a trial that was heavy lifted.
It was,
uh,
I had said to them initially,
you know,
folks,
let's try some new things here.
You know,
to just go back into the already sat mode of,
okay,
you're going to need a traffic girl,
you're going to need a sports blog,
you're going to need,
uh,
you know,
the morning team kind of a approach.
I says,
I'm really not interested in doing that.
And,
um,
uh,
I guess they thought I would get under the wing and then,
you know,
we would progressively reached that point.
And,
uh,
we never really got under the wing.
I love broadcasting,
I love talking,
but,
uh,
when I got fired and,
I,
I can see the look over here,
you know,
my,
my general a tone.
When somebody said,
somebody said to me in Japan was a day of Sun,
so you got fired from big job in radio.
He said,
well,
did you ever get fired from Mcdonald's?
What was that like a sore spot?
You got fired?
No,
no.
Are you kidding me?
Get fired from
got to compare notes like in high school,
that's Dothan.
I got fired from the Burger King and Mcdonald's.
Um,
no.
Their reasoning was that my humor was good,
but it was not early morning humor.
What does that even mean?
Well,
I just,
you know,
I was doodling around with,
adult concepts.
Thoughts are to replace stern like that.
What they should have done is just with no explanation whatsoever,
put a Mexican show on full Spanish and not say a word.
Fuck you.
Who Cares?
This what we have on.
Leave it on for a month and let everybody gets all their complaining out of the
way.
And then after a month you throw the diamond,
David Lee Roth Shawan and everybody's so happy to hear someone speak English
again.
And we're like,
listen,
we got through this with this dark period.
It's turning into a crazy Mexican station in New York City.
Ah,
I've made or making clear sense.
It didn't make any sense to try to replace turn.
My point is,
no one could have done it.
It was impossible.
Even if your show was amazing,
they would have never allowed you to replace,
darn you.
Replacing fit.
Greatest guy in the history of radio by far.
So anyone who went out after him was sort of like you were,
you would sacrifice,
I looked at to try and do something completely different.
I had said to them,
for example,
after a life of a danger and intrigued,
why would I stop?
Now we can install a gas lines in a hotel room.
We can go up on a roof,
we can go from a basement.
I don't mind waking up at two in the morning and interviewing somebody who just
finished his show in Las Vegas and you know,
and Cetera.
Why would we,
why can't we at least start there and those big hurdle.
So you're going to do things through Skype as well as do things for people that
are in Tokyo,
if you,
yes,
exactly.
Broadcast from Berlin and Tokyo as well as and broadcast from all different
recording studios cause everybody's got super modern.
Everybody wants to be part of what's happening right now.
You know,
especially in the economy,
everybody understands a little more of that promotion,
you know,
get involved.
You might not make a penny right now,
but you got your face out there,
you got your name,
your brand,
your studio,
your whatever.
So people are a lot more flexible to that.
And you know what?
We crashed and burned.
They just couldn't see it.
The idea of,
you know,
that uh,
I wasn't going to be in the exact same studio every morning.
That became a real trudge
and you know,
getting up at a four 30 in the morning,
that's bullshit.
That's the roughest job in all of Chopin.
Especially for a rockstar.
I mean,
most of your shows written night,
he'd probably sleep til noon most days.
Wake up feeling great to get up at four instead of that to get up eight hours
earlier than that.
Oh well just stay awake.
You're,
you're backing into the truth.
It's not the getting up.
It's the having to go to bed at what time?
Asked her for hours.
That's like some Buddhist stuff I just did right there.
If it wasn't,
if it wasn't like that you had to be on for four hours,
I would say you better off staying up or going to going to broadcast from Hawaii
guys,
you get yourself a suite at the Marriott something,
right and I think you started midnight or something like this so you know you
can kind of,
you know that's a good move.
Fallon's out your thing and you can do pre taped stuff for half of it.
Yeah,
midnight from Hawaii,
dude,
I just it all out.
The new studio will now be on the big island.
I'm going to buy Terence Mckenna's place Kona and,
and you go a high speed,
low drag.
You go with the low bile and lethal and so that you can put everything in some
Pelican cases,
you know?
Then you're going to move and you get a,
we need to buy desk squad west,
west,
west.
Well,
this is death squad West right now,
but desk squad,
west West will be,
get yourself with a balcony with,
you can tune the room so he can hear things outside.
Dude,
midnight,
man,
come on.
Even go western.
That's to west.
That's the,
we'll never get a show on the air that way.
But traveling though that,
even if you hate,
especially if you hate where you are going,
blue is way more fun than going,
Yay.
You know?
So if you hate where you are,
so you had a particularly bad day of somewhere,
knew was my thinking,
then it's you,
it's part travelogue.
There's part,
uh,
get to a little bit of reality.
Get to live the life of,
you know,
when we go on the road,
when we go and travel,
you know what a great,
by the way,
what a great like travel channel chip show.
It would be David Lee Roth living in Japan.
Do you know how I,
you know how many people would watch that now?
Bad Ass.
That would be,
it's a pretty colorful and a fucking great idea for a show.
Someone should jump on that.
I uh,
get you do it.
What'd you do a show like showing people what it's like to live in Japan.
She superstar Rockstar all of a sudden living in Tokyo and apartment taking
fucking sword fighting class.
That's
pretty awesome.
Yeah.
It's a lot better than fucking storage.
No
watching people bid on things.
Fuck.
Is that,
yeah.
Do you know,
you know who my closest friend there who's sent by,
who's kind of my teacher mentor there is uh,
Konishi the one of the greatest sumo fighters of all time.
Wow.
You is.
If you get on the Google web here,
you'll find him couldn't he?
She kinda,
she key is,
uh,
he was one of the first outside is Hawaiian to come in and start fighting.
This was about 20 summers ago and uh,
his fighting weight was 600 pounds.
Yeah.
Way.
Do you see some pictures of it?
He's winning and he's been,
he's a national hero.
He does all kinds of ads for everything,
you know,
for airplanes and it's,
the seven 11 and you know,
and kids stuff.
He has his own show television show.
I went.
Yeah,
I remember hearing about him.
There you go.
How much does he weigh now that he's retired?
There's just a lot of ways.
It looks like he's about 300.
Wow.
Yeah,
it's still a big giant dude.
Oh,
he's the winning his guy ever.
He stayed when he first got on the plane and you know,
these guys are never supposed to win.
And uh,
he went 23 times in a row.
How crazy is it that you could lose 300 pounds?
I mean,
how crazy is it that you,
she can
eat like that?
That would be glorious man.
Can you imagine anything you want?
Basically while they reco heaviest,
high,
most high cower shit they can get in their bodies,
right.
Well,
I not only took me or down to the tournament.
Okay.
Which is called the boss show,
the huge tournament,
which takes place in the sports arena.
This is where we play the rock and roll bands play.
But uh,
we went to the gym where all the beginners are working.
You follow all of all of these farm kids who are like in their early twenties.
It's,
think of it like a special forces live together as a fraternity kind of a thing.
And that's how these,
they were called Rick Sheet.
The wrestlers start off on that.
Even the,
even the referees start when they're 15,
16 years old and uh,
we went and uh,
had what they eat and you know what the trick is to gaining weight if you really
want to be three,
four,
500 pounds is don't eat breakfast,
don't eat breakfast.
Yep.
Cause your body after about three days we'll figure this out and it'll slow at
this metabolism down so that when you finally do eat lunch,
you'll get real tired.
You got to take a nap and your body is working real slow.
You follow so it doesn't burn the food.
Uh,
it doesn't burn it off a super quick and you'll gain weight a lot,
lot faster.
That's the ticket to growing up like a sumo plans.
So they have a strategy to win,
need strategy to slow your metabolism down.
Correct.
They have like an anti athlete strategy that will yes,
yes.
No,
that is their,
that is their way.
That is the technique.
They don't eat until about,
uh,
12 o'clock.
And then they,
and they eat about 10,000 calories in that one meal and then they go to sleep
and then they wake up again and then later on at dinner about another 10,000
calorie meal.
How much health repercussions to those guys suffer?
Huge.
Yeah.
You can't escape the cheeseburger man.
But uh,
that's a,
that is the weight gain ticket.
If you want to start gaining weight quickly,
skip breakfast,
wait until about noon and then you can eat all that you want.
If you want to be assumed.
Yeah.
You want to get huge.
And uh,
and some of those catch are huge.
Oh my God.
This is like a wall,
a piece of wall.
You enjoy watching.
Is it fun to watch?
Oh Man.
Well once you get to know some of the guys cause they're like,
like the wrestlers we would know here,
you know,
some guys are,
um,
for example,
when they throw the salt you dig.
That's like to purify the grounds.
But this show Biz involve,
one guy takes it and he's throws it,
but he doesn't look.
It's kind of like a way of saying,
screw you to the other wrestler like that,
which you're not supposed to do.
There's another guy who takes a whole scoop full of salt in his hand and he
throws it up in the air and he stares up into it.
Like Walt Disney staring into the future.
And it did kind of a thing that he does.
And then there's another cat who takes two little pinches,
he throws it,
walks away,
then it takes another,
he throws it and then he throws the whole fucking box
and it goes a,
that's like almost about two pounds of salt
and the referees act really angry and they get really pissed.
And the audience is full of ecstatic glee in cause he broke the rules,
you know?
And that's a Larry.
Oh yeah.
And there,
there are some guys who are technicians,
you know,
in terms of,
um,
uh,
fighters.
Okay.
You know,
think like judo.
There are other guys who,
uh,
like,
[inaudible] here was describing,
he knew it all from football.
He had been playing for a Hawaiian coaches in Hawaii.
He,
since he was in grade school glue,
clearly a kid built like that was playing defensive tackle,
defensive guard,
defensive,
everything from the time he was a toddler.
They put him in a football uniform,
you know,
in grade school.
And uh,
so he learned all of his balance.
He learned all of his agility,
you know,
moving side to side lateral movement,
responding to a coaches,
you know,
Q and you know,
learning plays,
how to work with a team and Cetera,
cetera.
And um,
uh,
so you know,
when he stepped into the ring,
so to speak,
he was using football on these guys and he didn't even use the basic,
where you put both hands on the ground,
you well know that sumo session.
The idea in that is that you want to get bulldog low so that you come,
you dip down and come up under like in a scrum like in rugby or a Jujitsu.
Do you want to be the one who gets up under right.
And you know,
he'd get you get to the knees first,
what come in as low as you possibly can.
And uh,
he never bothered to do that,
which infuriated everybody
caused a big stir.
Is it legal to start without both hands in the dirt?
We don't know.
Nobody's ever tried it and there were still,
that's so crazy.
Oh yeah.
And there's placards outside and demonstrations where we can't allow outsiders
into our national sport,
you know,
but the national sport is gonna pass away unless we have outsiders and you know,
it's great show business.
So what is his stance?
How does he enter if he doesn't have two hands touching the ground,
what does he do?
Like a different,
like a defensive tackle or a guard where he just kind of get your,
get down low
and you get your wrist on one knee and then the middle of your forearm on the a,
they're like,
you're going to come up under with that shoulder pretty familiar,
you know,
basic football,
posture kind of a thing.
But in the sumo world,
well is that legal?
Aren't you supposed to touch the ground when he did touch the ground,
but now he's doing the whole wine lean and now you have kids more importantly
all over the country imitating and outsider.
Yeah.
They're,
you know,
they're doing the Hawaiian,
it's sorta like Teebo when he gets down on one knee and then these kids in high
school,
they're imitating a virgin.
It's really similar.
It's like you don't want you to like,
Hey,
you cut that out.
You fucked not that guy.
Exactly.
That's not your hair out.
Got,
dammit.
That's a kneeling virgin.
And uh,
he was not slated,
painted
dwin right away what she started doing.
Cause you know,
a lot of these kids who start off in sumo,
they're farm kids and they don't have any real,
it'll sporting skills.
You know,
they've seen it on TV.
Just strong.
Yeah.
You know,
strong and a,
they'll come down and they'll start living at the stables,
like boxing stables,
you know,
it's what it's called.
Did you ever see a mixed martial arts event in Japan?
No,
I never have.
I've seen,
I've seen a thousand of them.
Uh,
you know,
on television there was a huge one last weekend.
Vandelay Silva just fought out of this guy,
Brian Stann last weekend in Japan.
You know what?
I saw it on the cover of Metropole magazine,
which is one of the magazines that,
you know,
there's the uh,
is the for English spoken whatnot.
I saw them on the cover and whatnot.
How long were they there?
Just for one weekend.
Yeah.
It was just one night of fights.
But the,
the audience is so interesting.
Like what Brian,
you,
you've experienced that when you went to the UFC there they'd clap and there is
so polite.
They're very quiet while the fights are going on.
And the anything technical that happens,
like a reversal escape,
like anything where a lot of people wouldn't cheer.
They like,
they're like anything where you progress.
Like you passed the half guard.
He's in the mouth.
Oh they get,
they're very polite.
That's really the only people yelling.
I would like look back to see who was yelling cause there's like only a couple
and then you would see,
oh it's just US military.
Yeah.
Get us anywhere.
We like kick his fucking ass.
Beautiful legs don't,
we're like,
what the fuck man.
Totally not observing.
No.
You're describing something that is absolutely accurate.
Absolutely accurate.
Um,
I was just on the phone with Alex Van Halen and talking to you have about,
we're going to be playing at the Tokyo Dome work,
playing at the big arenas.
They're in Japan.
And I wanted to remind him of exactly what you just described that in the United
States and in Europe you have what's like an idling cheer,
a scream.
It's constant like a car idling.
Yeah.
Idols.
Like a drag racer.
Pluto to be bad.
Like you depend on it the way you do your Spiel,
your talk,
your punctuation,
you know,
the delay.
Speeding,
putting you,
let them go,
you know,
when do you sit down now say the next thing that you're going to say,
um,
so you're listening with that and uh,
when Americans cheer,
there's,
it's like a car like,
well I think it's called blower wine,
right?
Right.
And it goes for a long time.
And if you're waiting like to say something next or whatever,
you're listening for that and you're listening for it to hit a certain point
volume wise,
your duration wise that you didn't,
didn't know interrupt.
Now it's a little bit like a dance otherwise.
And if people are making the long noise,
they enjoy themselves,
great.
Let them enjoy themselves.
You know,
they're,
they love hearing their own power.
Yes we are strong or a wonderful,
we're young and skinny,
whatever is that night in Japan,
you don't get that correct.
It's sort of like a cheering for the ball,
getting spiked in a volleyball tournament.
And it's quick,
very quick.
And I had said to Al,
you got to remember,
think back how fast the cheer is here that we can't depend on that idling
stream.
And you know,
and the comedy show and be weird where we get it laughing.
Like you know,
I call it rat pack style,
but it's,
it's just where made a connection with the audience and pretty much no matter
what you say,
as long as it's delivered in the right tone with the right mood is you're a
host,
right?
The worst that I can be on stage is a host.
The best is a really funny host or a really smart homes there.
They'd have fun.
You're there to help them.
Exactly.
So the worst that the least I can do is be a good host in that means keep the
spirit,
you know,
tell,
may,
especially if something goes wrong,
oh my God,
the plumbing just exploded.
Cry.
But dude,
everybody's instantly,
okay,
great.
It's an adventure,
you know,
as opposed to,
Oh shit.
Gotta no,
no,
that's,
that's horrible.
Oh my God,
this is now does it.
I don't want to be here.
This isn't fun.
This is now turning into something other than that's up to the host,
right?
A good night.
If you get everybody kind of humming and bubbling and well fed and watered and
you know,
then uh,
pretty much anything you say can be a little bit funny.
And every now and then I hit a moment.
What?
I'm just Sammy Davis.
Did you ever do work at all?
You were done just straight stand up.
Ever tried to do that?
Ever have never heard of it at all?
Yeah,
I don't think I have.
I don't have a dining.
I got the guards for it.
It's crazy because you,
you kind of do it a little on stage.
Yes.
I just a tiny bit and enough to sneak up and tap the door and run back,
you know?
Yeah.
And immediately hit the music boy.
I always have those trapdoors built every like fuel.
It's the freaking cat.
I can draw that door anywhere on thin air and go look a song
about that fucking sick I just laid out there.
Yeah,
you guys don't have that doors.
But all of my,
uh,
greatest respects to the job you have chosen.
Uh,
for me there's always,
it doesn't even have to wind up funny for me.
It doesn't even have to wind up clever or anything.
Just shut up.
Dave B,
the host,
when I first met at the comedy store
was when,
um,
you weren't with van Halen anymore.
You were,
you were on your own then.
And uh,
being back is,
it's gotta be a trip.
I mean to,
you guys were separated for so long.
They tried two different lead singers,
you know,
I mean the Sammy Hagar thing,
a lot of people like that,
but to me it wasn't van Halen.
It was like,
this is just a whole nother band that Eddie van Halen is playing guitar and you
can't call this van Halen.
That's crazy.
Because the sound was so different.
The songs were so different.
The tone was so different.
It was like,
all of a sudden it was like overweight drunk girls music.
I didn't,
I didn't like it.
It was,
it was,
you know what I'm saying?
It,
it seemed to me to be like a completely different kind of a band and then they
tried it with the extreme guy.
What's his name I'm taking,
is that a point you're making?
Is that the guy that was seen from extreme,
I remember,
um,
continue.
I'll think of it in a second.
And then they go from that then.
Then somehow or another you guys get back together again.
Well that's,
you know the,
it's like a football movie,
right?
It's kind of crazy.
But that's kind of be a really weird feeling to see them have this great success
with Sammy Hagar.
Go out into the world,
continued touring and then that doesn't work out.
Or they stopped that and then this other guy and they stopped that and then all
of a sudden you're on fucking stage again and your,
your,
your van Halen again.
The real van Halen.
Not Fan Hagar,
the real van Halen
and the blue and the band is booming.
Everybody is lucid.
Not Sober but lucid.
That's all you need
in a court of law.
I'll settle for lucid,
for van Halen.
I myself am lucid for real van Halen fans like me.
When I heard that you were back with them,
it made me so happy because I enjoy your solo stuff and I,
I enjoy some of their music.
Even with Sammy Hagar,
but it wasn't the same together.
You guys were like this crazy mixture of all the right ingredients,
you know,
those ingredients are from right around the corner.
We started talking about,
you know,
I was in,
I was in the busing program,
which was all black and Spanish speaking classes for junior high,
high school.
And uh,
it more importantly,
the youth club dance every Friday night or one Friday per month.
And the,
all the celebration,
you know,
the homecoming class,
dance,
et Cetera,
for me and my sisters was all black and Spanish speaking.
When,
when we got graduation it was a,
they played Santana on a loop.
Some of potty over at
Eh,
did you do
over and over.
The van Halen went to,
she go Pasadena High School,
which was walking distance from me,
but I had to get on that bus and there was go all Ridgemont high.
That was deep purple,
black Sabbath led Zeppelin,
the movie.
Fast Times at Ridgemont high.
Exactly.
That,
uh,
that neighbor white people.
Exactly.
So when we got together,
you know,
first off they'd say,
look at him.
He sparkles like a diamond because you know,
I had suspenders in two toned shoes,
as much brill cream in my hair is I could get to hold,
you know,
and uh,
that's where the diamond Dave came from,
you know?
And uh,
so when we got together,
I shed him.
He's the reason that uh,
we're having trouble getting club gigs.
It's not girl friendly.
You can't dance to them.
You know,
you can't play highway star by a deep
[inaudible] did,
it did,
it did.
And that's not dance music.
Anything over about 128 beats a minute.
You start spilling,
you're out of your drink.
You're doing.
And uh,
so if you look back now,
jump ahead to all the van Halen.
Familiars the big 15 or whatever you want to call it,
jump.
You're really got me,
uh,
running with the devil.
I was dancing and they're all about a hundred to 128 beats a minute.
Coincidence perhaps.
So you are constrained correctly is what you're saying.
It was the perfect combination of you getting together with these white people
and say,
listen,
it's a lot of folks like to dance.
Hello.
Yes.
It was a perfect collision course of this wasn't just that.
It was,
it was,
uh,
your voice with his me.
It was perfect.
You know,
it's like you guys were an amazing band for a long time.
When I was in high school,
my sister's boyfriend had van Halen as his license plate.
I forget how we had it to bring it down to the right number.
Like v and H,
y,
l,
e,
you know,
I don't know how he did it,
but everybody was a huge van Halen,
freaking my high school.
They were always writing those,
the VH with all the,
you know,
like a political logos everywhere.
Yeah.
It was your,
yeah,
that logo was,
people would draw that on the back of desks.
You would find it on lockers.
You know,
you've lived a,
that's a crazy,
crazy life,
man.
Well,
we have a crazy,
crazy audience and I've used this crazy bands as a passport to go out and visit
with and to come and,
and be part of my pop spent the last 25 years of his career,
he was a surgeon and working in the prison system,
like a San Quentin and Folsom and Pelican Bay and off Ivy League.
He called it.
And um,
he used to joke and he'd say that if you carry a gun to work regularly,
then you day no van Halen.
And he meant that on both sides of the bars.
When record came out,
it was celebrated on both sides of the,
uh,
the
well you were,
what was it like to be a superstar before the Internet?
Two.
Well,
that's an interesting case because you probably the biggest prayer before you go
on stage these days would,
would be a god grant us,
uh,
the powers and the drive and the focus that compelled those before us.
Who did all of this before there was a microphone before there was a camera
taking a picture of what we do.
Think about,
you know,
broadcasting,
what wha what would have been broadcasting.
I would have been on a stage with a guitar but no microphones,
no lights,
no.
Uh,
candles.
Yeah.
Candles and no PA system.
Right.
And not so long ago during uncle meanies life,
he's still with us and I'm sure you know,
back in the 1920s in 1930s,
you know,
they didn't have microphones and stuff.
It didn't have a guitar,
amps,
et Cetera,
et cetera.
That's a lot of folks don't understand about the,
the,
the phrase upstage when you say stand up stage of them,
um,
that means w in modern stages are flat,
but they used to go,
they used to like ramp up and he used to have to project out into the audience
cause you,
you weren't wearing a microphone.
Everybody had to be super quiet and the actor how to talk like this so the whole
house could hear them.
And that's where that fakes style of acting king from.
It's like you had to over project and no one can understand.
Yeah.
The upside of not having PA systems you caused me to.
Do you remember some good story and is for you?
You've heard the term barrel house voice?
Yes.
Do you never wonder what it's from?
It's from a beer hall is you know,
full of beer,
beer barrels in everybody and somebody having to stand at the end of that hall
and sing over the top of that without a PA system.
You get the big barrel house voices.
You know like Tina Turner,
maybe he has a barrel house voice.
Who Do we know that has a barrel house voice these days?
Anybody particular that we're not even throwing name after name into the circle
here.
Kelly perhaps scattered barrel house stories.
You must be proud of that coming up through these little clubs and making your
way that way,
you know,
and having these stories about back in the day when you had no stage and no PA,
yeah,
it's the golden years,
you know,
it's,
and you would read about that growing up.
You know,
I didn't make it up.
I read about the Beatles,
you know,
move in together and having to live in broom closets in the Reeperbahn and the
red light district of,
uh,
Germany.
All right.
Sold.
Did you expect,
did you explain this to the,
did you have to explain this to the rest of the band where they all aware of it
as well?
I don't recollect if this was one of my sell jobs.
I,
there were some things that I had to sell to the band,
but,
uh,
they were aware that this was part of it.
Their father was a traveling professional musician as well,
so they'd grown up seeing photos of him in the,
uh,
in a,
on a steam ship,
you know,
with a port hole,
the circular par hole in the background.
And he's having a drink and he's sitting at the piano.
You know,
I had grown up seeing,
for example,
pictures of my pop in the air force.
You know,
what,
what is that in the background?
That's Casa Blanca.
Good enough for me.
So when you grow up with that kind of a thing,
then,
uh,
you,
you sort of know the story.
The story is you got to start off in the beer bars.
You've got to start off in this,
in the basements or whatever.
One of the best was a right around the corner from here on Van [inaudible] was
the Vaneyes crews and throughout the 70s,
and I'm going to say at least half of the sixties,
um,
it was,
the cruise was probably four miles long and it would take you over an hour to
get from one end of the,
of it to the other.
Okay.
And all the bike clubs would park,
uh,
on the,
where the gas stations were closed.
It's k and it was the classic cruise.
Um,
it went past a place called the Rock Corporation,
which looked a lot like where we're inside here with kind of a brick facing
inside,
a lot of bikers in et cetera.
Used it.
And I'm just fellow Ricky Rashman,
who was a VJ for many years with headbangers ball.
I remember that.
Yeah.
Well his father was owned the bar at the time.
Okay.
And his mother,
and they were both,
uh,
in a bike club and they own,
and this was a biker's bar.
Okay.
And it was where they had the first wet t shirt contest.
Um,
and this was when they were being tried downtown in the La Court systems.
You know,
if he got busted for a running wet t shirt contest of whether it was ludicrous
public exposure,
you know,
the usual collision course of,
the mayor versus,
you know,
whatever.
It's probably where the dispensary system is today in terms of the legal
collision while it's in a gray zone.
Well it isn't,
well we have a card.
Well it's the wrong card.
Yeah.
It's the right card,
but the wrong jurisdiction and say,
well,
what episode is this?
You know,
um,
it was in that and we played those wet t shirt contest and uh,
you want me to describe fuck.
Yeah.
Okay.
Cause it was all bikers and um,
uh,
but I mean,
the place held approximately,
I'm going to say 400 people.
It was,
you know,
could pack them in there and they served Schlitz malt liquor.
Uh,
the ball by the pole handle,
you follow?
They had it by the draft style style to style.
Yup.
They would have a draft style and it was the only place that served it like
that.
Okay.
Um,
and they would say,
okay,
we're going to have what,
t shirt night tonight and you get everybody in there and then they would
illegally lock the doors.
Okay.
Throw the bolts on the doors and pulling a kitty pool.
And would the kids pull you?
Don't like where you inflate it.
You know the big giant doughnuts like this,
put it in front of the band.
The band's stage was about as tall as I'm going to say a little bit taller and
about four feet waist-high he'll say,
okay.
And um,
I would,
uh,
roll my pants up and stand in the pool,
interview the girls.
Okay.
And the girls would get into the pool and everybody was real woozy.
These were there the days of quail,
ludes,
disco biscuits and a whatever else everybody was doing.
Nobody,
nobody,
everyone,
nobody knew what Rehab was.
Rehab was something that uncle Dwayne got sent to if he was up to a court and a
half a day somewhere in Ohio Rehab.
Who Do you heard about Betty Ford?
Even we're talking 1975
barely.
If there was,
I mean,
who knew she barely had cubes.
Yeah,
this was 1974,
five and six in these,
this area here.
And uh,
nobody knew that Jesus,
everybody thought that everything done in moderation was,
you know,
was not a problem.
And so everybody did everything at twice the amount of moderation and figured
we'd handle the problem later and it made for really noisy.
I'm carrying on.
We would run the girls through.
How are you,
my name's Tina.
Where are you from,
Tina?
Up from the valley.
Wow.
They like to party in the valley down like,
hey,
everybody played with like,
what song would you like to hear?
Well,
um,
I like to hear free ride.
Al,
I'm Holly from the valley,
wants to take her free,
right?
Doo Doo Doo Dee Dee Dee Dee Dee Dee Dee Dee in the band would start to play,
you know,
the song or whatever.
And,
uh,
and the,
fellows would step up for me and I didn't,
they polar tee shirt really tight and then,
you know,
dump a big pitchers of ice cold water on her and she'd giggling and dancing,
carry on and slip and fall in the pool and there'd be water everywhere,
et cetera.
And uh,
we'd run them through and there would be easily 20 girls.
Okay.
And it was never less than just a total line of hot babes wanting to go through.
You would think,
who would want to do this?
The answer everybody.
It was the cool thing to do.
And uh,
all the girls would go through and then there'd be a huddle over at the side of
the stage and then it'd be some secretive talking and some,
some gesturing and some looking around and there's some further gesturing.
And then I would make the obligatory announcement that ladies and gentlemen,
the judges are a little intoxicated.
Uh,
some of the voting slips have been misplaced or miss.
And then his place
and Zach as have several of the judges and we are going to have to have them all
go through what march
and the band would start blowing smoke on the water.
So we're going to take a break.
Don't go away.
We'll chase you.
That's something,
a hell of a show.
And what kind of bars you doing this then?
Uh,
well district was this specific part.
It was called the Rock Corporation and it was off of Van Nuys Boulevard,
which is kind of right around the corner from where word.
Right.
You've been there lately.
It's now just car dealerships.
And they don't have that drive anymore to a little more dangerous.
I'm sure.
This is a,
this is a township where,
uh,
you know,
we tear out all the trees.
He named the street after them.
So you only did this wet concert one.
You only did this wet t shirt thing.
And this one particular occasion,
this was the,
this was the test zone.
This is where the cops were.
This was the Lenny Bruce Place.
You follow this?
Did the cops were showing up?
They were doing undercover.
They were getting the inside view on this and I witnessing and then the whole
thing was being tested based on what happened here at that one place.
Wow.
Fall.
I think that'd be a hell of a show.
Can you imagine if you were there when van Halen first started out doing fucking
wet t shirt contest?
Imagine what stories you have.
Oh,
it was great stuff.
And we backstage is when,
uh,
all of our colorful habits started happening,
man.
How many times I had to hitchhike home wouldn't try and remember who had gotten
the car.
You know,
wait,
when you,
when you see yourself and you see all these different guys that have,
uh,
been,
contemporaries,
you know,
rock stars before.
Yeah.
And,
but you're,
you're still like live in like you're a single man.
You pack up and go to Japan if you want,
you know,
you,
you're not,
you've never sort of reformulated yourself and bring yourself back into
mainstream society.
He continued just be and David Lee Roth,
well a,
I live in my own little world,
but leave a message,
you know,
I mean it's kind of interesting how you've pulled it off.
You know,
like you telling a story about moving to Japan,
like how many guys get to the point when they're your age that are so unsaddled
down and so free that they can just pack up and go to Japan for a year.
I got lucky.
Yeah,
I got lucky in that respect.
It's a cause.
It is a commitment,
you know,
it's,
it's a lot like,
uh,
you know,
I do,
I talk about,
you know,
having read early books about,
uh,
well then I first I joined the merchant marines and I worked my way up to Alaska
and then,
uh,
had the accident and uh,
so I had to
go to work in this bar and I was working in this bar when this guy comes in with
a treasure map
and says there's anybody speaks Swahili.
He didn't know that I was half Swahili.
So that's how I wound up in Africa two weeks later.
And I'll just thought it would be fun to be one of those guys,
you know?
But have you always been able to do that?
You've always been the type of guy that would just pack up and bolt or is this
something you've sort of cultivated?
I think it's something you have to cultivate again,
that's pretty astute.
You got a pretty clear either Joan is that,
uh,
you can't just be impulsive because you'll spend your whole time just getting
drunk and you know,
waking up.
Well,
you have an eye for the romantic though.
You have exactly that when you want to paint a more colorful picture,
if you're going to be sorted,
let's be really sorted.
Well,
I wouldn't say a sorted at all.
I would say.
I wouldn't say fascinating.
You know,
I,
the idea of packing up and abandoning everything behind and going to somewhere,
that sounds very appealing to me.
I don't know if I would enjoy it.
And the way you're enjoying it,
but the way you're enjoying it sounds really interesting.
I try to,
uh,
not just wander.
I guess that's what I'm pointing at is that is I try to make it a full
experience so that it's a good story.
If nothing else,
at the end of the day,
you're on an adventure.
Yeah.
And one of the best things to do is hook up with a team,
get in with a group of people who come from a bunch of different backgrounds and
see where that leads you because they're going to have to eat dinner sooner or
later.
Guaranteed.
One of them's an alcoholic.
Don't look,
I guarantee it.
And then reintegrate yourself.
There's a womanizer in there somewhere.
You'll,
we'll know.
We'll know.
He'll be the one that we ask.
Where do you go for that?
Uh,
and you know,
and it Cetera,
et cetera.
And,
uh,
I've had great luck with that.
Does that help your songwriting too?
Oh,
you bet.
Must Right?
Oh yeah.
You Bet.
Um,
if,
uh,
the old,
the old answer told new is,
uh,
somebody asked me on a show how long he was making fun of me.
How long does it really take to write a song for Van Halen?
You know he can't take that long.
Really.
You know,
Dave,
how long does it take to write a song?
And I thought,
Oh,
I thought out loud and I said,
you know what?
You might have a point.
Let's back back into the truth here a little bit.
He said,
if you watch,
I'm going to say 1500 movies,
real legitimate movies from beginning to end and you discuss them.
If you have read,
I'm going to say 3000 magazines.
Let's say 3000 magazines from cover to cover any kind of amazing good.
If you sat in front of television,
just generalized television for another 6,000 hours,
it'll take you about 22 minutes.
Yeah.
Well you got a pencil.
Your words a paper.
If you've done all that,
the clock,
I can do that.
I can beat that.
How funny is it saying how funny is it saying how hard could it be to write a
van Halen Song?
Like what?
What is silly bitch?
That guy is because the I,
the idea that anything just because it has
a small amount of words because it has a easily rememberable beat or whatever.
The idea that it wouldn't be like really hard to fucking create that.
And if it wasn't really hard to create that,
wouldn't it be a lot more?
Van Halen is out there.
That's there.
There are a number of sub van Halen sound.
There's a number of a almost van Halen is out there.
What do you think was influenced by you guys the most?
Like what band?
Oh,
I can't go there again.
Nothing.
It's nothing wrong being influenced,
you know,
I don't know.
What is,
uh,
what does David Mamet say that,
imitation is the sincerest form of stealing.
Is that what he says?
That's
what's funny.
Yeah.
It's,
I don't know.
I know what fan,
what influenced van Halen the most and that's a whole cross section of different
kinds of music and different kinds of theater and different kinds of show
business.
You know,
starting long,
long,
long ago,
you can't just imitate one kind of band.
You can't just imitate one kind of music,
you know,
or,
or it becomes,
uh,
not even professional wrestlers do that.
They update.
Look at the way Batman looks,
for example,
compared to 10 years ago.
He's,
it looks different.
He's out dated,
you know,
it's Batman from across the room,
but there's gotta be,
there's,
you know,
some updating,
we'll call it,
I don't even call it improvement.
You're not going to really improve Batman and you're just going to kind of,
you know,
change the silhouette.
A little
sort of like,
a lot of people feel like led Zepplin Day,
but like a lot of older blues music and,
you know,
add it to
they're shit.
I don't know what they did to their blues music.
I think that see there's the great battle is that,
does that plagiarism well,
people are saying is it played your resume,
but it sounds so different.
Most of what they did.
Some of it does.
Some of it sounds like plagiarism.
Birth.
No.
First
my friend,
uh,
bill
burst sent me a clip.
He goes,
this,
this broke my heart.
He sends me this clip showing the lead lead's up on songs and then all these
other people that led Zepplin band apparently got the original music from sorta
just ganged it,
like took chunks of it.
And
well it's interesting when you listen to it back to back because you'll hear,
um,
uh,
I'm going to try and think of some lyrics,
you know,
uh,
you'll see it says a blues song and then the,
all they really got from the Blue Song was a couple of lyrics.
I am a little red rooster and uh,
I laid the golden egg and a,
that's what the little red rooster set.
And then they'll repeat that a couple of times and they'll say,
well,
that's the little red rooster blue song.
If you changed all the music went and created something else that was very
different musically.
So now you have that question of is that the whole Blue Csat?
I've had an attribute is that a,
and I think he owes some money if you use that,
you use the lyrics.
If he used the words,
great Pam,
some words money.
If we change the music and he changed the music,
it changed left behind the music.
Well,
you were there from the beginning of that debate.
You were there in music and for the beginning of the sampling to be when it all
started happening,
when rap artists started like Mc Hammer.
Oh sure.
And you know,
vanilla ice used that whole beginning part for under pressure.
I mean,
there's so many,
so many different bands were getting sampled.
Like what was your thought on that when that was all going on?
I think if you're gonna,
if you're gonna use it,
uh,
I don't even think you have to acknowledge to acknowledge him behind the scenes.
You can pay me for it.
You know,
it doesn't have to happen,
Warren,
right up on the sleeve that you used my material because it's a lot like cooking
in the kitchen and there are only so many ingredients.
If you're going to mix,
uh,
you want to try and create something that's unfamiliar,
I know you understand.
So if you're going to take a sample of my voice and mix it with a sample of some
other people's voices,
great.
Then you're going to pay us for that.
But I don't think there's anything musically wrong with that,
but you just think that it's a financial issue.
They owe you a little bit of money from it,
but it doesn't bother you.
It bothers me from the sense that,
uh,
well the songs songwriters,
when you live that singer,
this motherfucker was waiting with his lighter by his cancer stick waiting.
Like,
yes,
the green light from Diamond Dave
cancer.
I am the son of Satan.
Don't my,
my duties now are largely ceremonial.
Um,
so yeah,
back to that.
Um,
yeah,
I agree with you.
It's,
it's,
I,
I find like Mick Mashups,
you know,
when they take songs,
like there's a 99,
uh,
Voodoo child,
99 problems and Jimi Hendrix,
Voodoo child.
Sure.
It's a great mashup.
It's,
it sounds really awesome.
I think it's great if you're using a older familiar music and I hear it and hip
hop a lot in,
it's cool.
I'm hearing good stuff.
They're picking,
you know,
good little pieces of music,
great.
I'm all for it because otherwise you're going to just have to learn it on an
instrument and serve it backup some way.
Anyway.
When you have a song like
Mc Hammer with the the,
what was it?
Super Freak,
super freak from Mcshane.
So he took that.
How much does that guy have to give up?
How much does he give up?
Does he give up a flat fee?
Does he ever give a percentage of the sales?
How many ways to skin the cat?
It depends.
It's some people make it a flat fee and say,
okay,
I'll give it to you for whatever,
$10 other people say I want a piece of the action and you're taking a chance
because who's in charge of monitoring the action?
You know,
the record company is,
you know,
is going to remain and you go,
oh,
I want a little piece of that because that's going to be a popular song.
But somewhere in between,
you know there's going to be a licensing fee.
It usually comes in terms of just,
you know,
you got a,
uh,
one check for doing the thing.
So
it's a great way for you having older music reinterpreted.
I'm all for that Van Halen music has been reinterpreted 35 different ways,
you know,
and I'm all for that.
Um,
I,
I do all the floor mixes to,
I've heard all kinds of dance remixes and stuff as well.
So,
you know,
new audiences,
new shoes,
new cowboy hats and nothing wrong with that,
right?
Oh No,
it's,
well van Halen is kind of the spiritual guidance to van Halen goes beyond just
the musical were the patron saints of everything that allegedly happens after
midnight.
And you know that allegedly
that's the whole projection.
You were also around to see the music business radically changed because of the
Internet.
That had to be quite a bit of a mind fuck because when you guys started they
were selling cassettes,
you know,
I mean you guys were albums where vinyl albums and cassettes and the vinyl
albums were bad ass cause you had the all the artwork and then that that shrunk
to cds and then the cds went away and can we say how awesome.
1984 was on CD and Stereo blasting as loud that,
that beginning sound and that was amazing.
I was one of my,
when I was one of my first cds,
what was it like to,
to see like this,
this music business like really fucking change like,
like radically where you can't really sell records anymore.
I mean you sell a few off iTunes but the numbers,
the percentage drop is just staggering
I think which we're also seeing more than,
uh,
just in terms of numbers Joe,
is that we're seeing uh,
how high people are reaching for quality because if its result oriented and we
always just say well we're just here for the music.
We're just here for the labor of love,
et Cetera.
But there is a reality behind the scenes that if there's that multimillion
dollar ability to sell 20 million records like Saturday night fever or uh,
one of those Fleetwood Mac records or one of those eagles records,
you know,
one of those huge multibillion selling Jesus.
I just,
I just wrote dark side of the moon.
I think I'm going to buy cola with some of the profits and really go on vacation
forever are
one of those kinds of fortunes,
you know.
Hey guys,
I just wrote a song called Stairway to heaven and I think not anymore,
you know,
and uh,
we're going to have to put in a year and a half,
two years of our time doing this.
You know,
that's,
that's what happens.
You want to do the wall,
you want to do Tommy,
you want to do,
you know,
one of those kinds of records.
Then you got to,
that's like a three year commitment from the time you go,
hey,
you want to write some songs to the time you're standing around,
uncomfortable in a suit and tie collecting?
Well,
I wouldn't be up here for the ninth time tonight with one of these little
statues if it wasn't for a lot of other people.
That space of time,
it's about three years.
And it means commit yourself like a blue uniform type of commitment,
like the ruin your family life more,
not more often than not.
Like you're a soldier for that song completely.
You become most equals soldier in that band.
I'm sure Springsteen's acolytes would tell you that,
you know,
and all those early,
born to run and jungle land and all those epic things do not,
are not born of,
you know,
well yeah,
we marched up to the gate and we started the gate one.
We had to slog our way for months,
then we camped for months,
then we decided wrong month.
So that kind of a thing.
It's like an,
and families take a beating and you know,
so why would you do it?
Well,
first of year,
of course,
the nobility of song and second,
because you have an opportunity to win the Super Try Zach,
the Trifecta or whatever it is raised times.
Uh,
you know,
$400 million lotto that will generate forever if you create a bridge over
troubled water.
But if you're going to be in that studio,
so like going in when it was to a summary,
he may well be there really in mind if not body for three full years and that's
before the tour
and when that all sorta stopped.
What was the feeling like in the music business when it's like all of a sudden
electronic downloads are completely taking over you,
your,
your companies are getting stripped by illegal downloads,
just stripped albums are out instantaneously on bit torrent.
The moment they're released and more downloads by in terms of how many people
are downloading it to how many people are buying it.
It far more
far more downloads.
Right.
While you,
you're bringing up interesting thoughts in your causing me to have interesting
feelings,
ambivalent feelings about all of this because I feel like you've come break,
you've now broken into the bottom of the boat where either keeping me
and you've torn opened the door and you have a sword in your hand.
Yeah,
come rough.
That's fine.
Because they discovered I was a trader a sometime ago.
Um,
you know,
I'm coming also from a time,
it's a little,
it's a little bit of a prisoner of Zenda,
but,
uh,
whatever that that would other one is where he's on the island.
Um,
uh,
I coming from a time when a count of Monte Cristo coming from a time when a
musicians were either loved or not soul of Van Halen was not so loved.
So today who?
By the record companies.
Okay.
Yep.
And a today if you buy a $10 van Halen record,
I'll make 6 cents royalty.
Oh my God,
yes.
The producer makes you more of those first two records than I do.
And I'm actually,
let me be fair.
The subsequent four van Halen records,
I do make 8 cents royalty.
Wow.
Out of a $10 record album there.
So when you telling me the boat is sinking,
go fuck yourself.
You've killed most of my
staff.
Really?
You like
including the big guy with the wrist watch.
Yeah.
You killed him,
right?
Yeah.
Okay.
What?
I'm prepared to talk.
Was it a dark?
Was it a dark business?
Of course it was dark business.
Are you kidding?
It was,
is noisy and corrupt as you would ever want it to be.
But walking into negotiations for anybody,
I don't know that it's any easier today than it ever would be for somebody new.
Come on.
I write poems for a living and I sing and dance the poems.
It's that simple.
But you will spend your whole time trying to perfect that craft if you're going
to live off of it.
Um,
to try and speak the language of,
okay,
now I speak a market bearing,
uh,
bonds that a equal to a prime lending rate of no,
no.
It's all carefully hidden away from you anyways.
Just the idea that you get a lot of sign your own,
um,
your own checks is alien to most people in this business.
You know?
So we had to learn the hard way.
And when we talk about how the record business has changed,
I do miss the epic efforts.
People used to make a Herculean effort when you go into the studio to really
make a contribution,
to really take the music pass where you found it and to really make 1 million
bucks.
That's a powerful,
uh,
that's a powerful,
energy drink,
man.
Nicotine fueled ambition and greed times a musical,
uh,
whatever.
Wow.
Do you think that it'll be
balance out eventually where the bands will now be able to get free promotion on
the Internet and then they'll reap most of the profits that come from touring?
And do you think that eventually that kind of balances out and that what gets
distributed on the Internet,
even though you're not getting profit from it?
Like cds with new bands,
there'll be able,
it will be able to change the sort of,
the atmosphere and they'll be able to get promotion where they would never be
able to get to promotion before.
Just through viral marketing,
just through viral,
just friends spreading things that they enjoy.
Perfect example of it.
I'm,
I couldn't get a job today in regular terrestrial radio if my life depended on
it.
I'm difficult to work with.
I can't imagine that you'd be
back to work with
you when you're self describing herself as difficult,
how would you be disciplined to work?
This is how I've been labeled.
Okay.
And getting in and out of regular radio is because I don't fit in because I had
a black sidekick because I play ethnic music loops.
I played the opening from superfly.
[inaudible] has had Robin,
Robin quivers forever.
Like it's different.
It's you having a black side kick was like criticized.
Oh yeah,
there was a big issue.
What's,
who's your sidekick name was animal.
He was one of the leg.
He'd done security for a,
you know,
dre and snoop and all kinds of good characters just from Montgomery,
Alabama.
And now we discussed all kinds of,
you know,
pertinent data would,
there was no stone unturned.
We discussed every subject in the news today and you love talking so much,
that seems like a perfect thing for you.
Well,
what they wanted was,
hey buddy,
your neighbor at the top of the hour,
I'm here because I have to do with 18 and what's going on under while they get
sucked out of the car.
I was a smart executive and I know that's an oxymoron.
It's like
military intelligence.
What I would do is I would say,
Dave,
what do you want to do?
Let me get you a microphone and ready.
Go.
We're going to have to throw some commercials in every now and then.
Is that okay?
Okay.
Other than that,
it's on you just completely leave it up to you.
But if someone tries to change your personality and try to twist around your,
you know,
your energy and get you to do something you don't want to do,
it's going to be a disaster.
Like how they could not see that that would be a disaster like right away is uh,
that's,
that's puzzling.
Yeah.
I think they,
uh,
they were feeling imperious.
We,
Tony Soprano,
what's,
who
is that what it was?
They just wanted to get you to listen.
Yeah.
They had in the Corolla was part of this as well.
He was one of the other phases that have been hired and we were all put under
the thumb pretty readily.
It happened quick.
And um,
I don't think anybody survived,
which is telling out of some 14 different phases and personalities across the
country.
It was so over it
managed,
you know,
I mean Corola obviously a shown that all he has to do is just be himself and I
just put,
you know,
now that he's running his own show,
it's much more successful than his radio show ever was.
Hello?
It's,
yeah,
it's boom.
It's like,
let him be him.
So now you're doing exactly the same thing.
Let you be you,
I'm doing the Roth show view.
It's all the same stuff.
It's,
you know,
ethnic music I've counted would turn left of center humor and um,
I don't know.
I don't know a whole lot of guests.
So it's kind of a,
a monologue,
kind of a mark twain thing.
You know,
it's in Bill Burr.
Again,
my friend bill,
he has money,
he calls it the Monday morning podcast.
He's a standup comedian.
He just basically rants about shit.
He just like pick up the newspaper and just tie.
It's fucking great.
It's great.
It's an hour of just him talking shit.
Almost no guests.
Well you could do that easily.
Well it also,
we're getting to a level now where talking becomes an art form and art is
something as simple as it wasn't created before,
but now that it exists,
it forces you to think,
forces you to argue,
forces you to have some kind of action and reaction kind of thinking.
And a lot of folks when they get to talking on the radio are afraid of being
criticized.
You're afraid of losing a constituency.
You know,
especially when you have morning team radio,
you're doing traditional radio.
Um,
you know,
you don't want to say anything that's going to cause people to argue.
And I think that's the first thing that you want to reach for if you're going to
make any kind of contribution.
If you say,
what is art?
Something that forces them to think like,
what do you mean?
Like that soup can
like that Andy Warhol soup can from a bazillion years.
He goes at art or is that bs?
Is that a sales job or is that right?
We're going to be here a while,
get some more clients and more of that coffee
and that's when it becomes art and,
and what we're doing here,
every now and then we hit a moment where the people are listening and people get
hooked.
And can I even hear that?
Am I supposed to hear that?
Am I encouraged to think about that?
And uh,
I think that that's a whole new art form happening out there now.
Yeah.
I think one of the interesting things about letting a person be themselves on a
television show or on a,
you're going spike up again.
You fuck look at them.
You give them the green light.
It's a,
it seeing someone,
you know,
be able to be themselves for the first time.
It'd be able to express themselves,
uh,
with,
with no one's direction,
you know,
with no one telling you what to say,
what to do.
That's a rare moment.
You don't get that on the tonight show.
You know when you talked to David Letterman,
I get to see David Lee Roth in these five to seven minute bursts where this,
it's so hard to get to know you.
Like for real,
legit.
They're going to get to know you though.
If you listened to your radio show,
if they listened to the Roth show and they really listened to that over and over
again for several months,
they'll know the real you,
which it's pretty sprawling so far.
We've covered a variety of subjects.
I like campfire telling,
you know,
just enough like I can share some things probably you didn't know.
Like why does jockeys
an FM radio speak like heroin addicts?
They don't do that anymore.
They gave up.
That guy doesn't exist anymore.
Maybe those guys.
Yes.
You know,
it was,
that was the alternative to a hopping and Bobbin and Bobbin with the best bet
for the boss.
Beat at the top of the pops.
Smash Gold,
you know,
timeliness.
The top 40 a boss jacket bound.
Yeah,
and then there was the Strip club,
Dj type character.
All right,
we got Nickelback coming up [inaudible] Guinea Cozzie
and he tried to try to get as many syllables out of Texas to the main stage.
Yeah,
there's a,
there's a bunch of those voices that they just use like the sports casters.
It's your voice or the,
uh,
the small town news guy voice.
Can you do that?
Can you do the cast caster voice?
The sports caster voice would be like,
I like that.
Like,
like something from the Simpsons.
Mike Tyson enters the ring 16 and owed 206 pounds,
six foot three.
I've always wondered what it'd be like to announce a fight.
Does that come by easily for you?
It's,
I'm an easy now.
Yeah.
Because I've been doing it for so long.
It's second nature.
But uh,
in the beginning was a little odd.
It was a strange insights that you,
you have to know when to talk,
when not to talk when you're talking too much,
you know,
it could,
he got,
he got and he got to be really focused on what's happened.
Dang.
How did you learn those things?
Did you go back and look at tapes of your call in and listen and get critiqued
or,
yeah,
I tried to
be observant while I'm doing it,
but definitely had to go back and listen in the early days and I listen to
myself.
I go,
I need to shut the fuck up.
Like I'm talking too much,
you know,
I or I was talking too much about one fighter and not enough about another.
I was missing something.
Or you know,
he can get on tangents.
Sometimes you can get stuck.
It really is like a sort of a skill.
You learn how to do it as time goes on
bad it is.
And Are you watching on the TV screen?
Mostly?
Depends on what the angle is.
Like sometimes I prefer to see it live like right in front of me.
But sometimes like,
especially in ground battles,
like when they're there fighting on the ground,
I have to see an overhead.
I don't know where the guy's arm is.
I don't know if he's in jeopardy or if he's defending correctly,
you know,
arc.
I could say what he,
what he's doing wrong or what he's doing right.
I need to see it on the camera sometimes.
Or if the guy's backs are to us,
some of their backs are to us.
I can't see what's happening in front of them.
I can't see where he's hitting them,
so I'll look down at the monitor sometimes.
It all depends.
How many fights have you called dao?
Over more of the housing.
Really?
Any more than a thousand?
Yeah,
I've been calling the,
I started doing post fight interviews in 1997 for the UFC,
but I started doing the commentary in 2002 so from 2002 11 years so far.
That's amazing.
And what one fight really sticks out in your mind one night really sticks out in
your mind.
There's no one that really sticks out because there's so many of them have been
insane.
The UFC is so fucking exciting.
There's so many exciting fights.
This is not one that really sticks out.
There's a,
there's so many of them.
It's,
it's so many.
It's so many high,
so many tens you know like what makes a 10 what makes it 10 evening?
Like when you walk out at the end of the night and you go,
wow,
that just all jelled.
What,
what,
what are the three main ingredients?
For example,
the whole holy shit moments.
The Holy Shit moments like when Anderson Silva Front kick Vito Belfort in the
face and knocked him unconscious,
he would just like,
Holy Shit.
No one had never landed a front kick to the face ever mixed martial arts fight.
Like you never saw that.
It wasn't a,
to spend a lot of my childhood trying to,
you know,
a staple technique of karate or taekwondo have a lot of martial arts incorporate
the front kick.
It's a very like basic kick.
But before then we never saw anybody knock a guy out in the UFC with a front
kick to the face.
It never happened.
There's only been one wheel kick knock out before the ultimate fighter.
Now there's two,
but the,
but before then they would have only been one.
Edson Barboza knocked out Terry Adam with a wheel kick to the face that it never
happened in the UFC before,
but the one that landed was unbelievable.
Knocked him unconscious,
he fell down,
he got shot with a sniper rifle.
It was craziness.
It was so devastating that now people were throwing,
we'll kicks left and right,
like everybody's trying to land them because they realize how deadly they are
once they land.
So now everybody,
people pick up the ball and they're going to start to imitate.
Exactly.
And you'll start to see that,
uh,
the copycat killers in the rank.
Yeah.
Well,
you start to see success with these unorthodox techniques that are really not
unorthodox techniques.
They're just traditional mixed martial arts techniques that people hadn't
incorporated into the octagon yet with what most of the stuff that got by in
the,
the early morphing of mixed martial arts was wrestling and,
uh,
the ability to punch on the feet.
But then Maury Smith came around and started showing people high level
kickboxing and he started late kicking guys and knocking guys out.
So then they started incorporating kicks.
But Maurice was a Moitai guy.
So everybody was throwing out these roundhouse kicks and that's basically yet
then Anderson sort of evolve things even further and a lot of other fighters did
as well.
And now you're starting to see like with Leo Machida and a lot of these other
karate stylist,
you're starting to see all sorts of different karate techniques inside the
octagon as well because these guys know all the other stuff like wrestling.
They know how to stand up with wrestling and them to get back up to their feet
and they know how to avoid take downs.
So now you're seeing all these other traditional mixed martial arts techniques
or traditional martial arts techniques rather,
that we didn't see for 10 plus years.
And are these familiar techniques that uh,
are we going to continue seeing?
Oh yeah,
that particular to one guy.
Well,
there's a few that we haven't seen yet and one of them is the ax kick guys have
tried it,
but no one's ever knocked anybody out in kickboxing and in taekwondo tournament,
there's a lot of knockouts with ax kicks.
I've never seen one in the UFC and kick with a guy with a your kind of
flexibility when used to throw those wild kicks when you would basically do a
split standing up and throw a kick,
grow it over your head.
You know the ax cause you throw the leg up like that and then you come down with
the heel.
It's a devastating technique.
If you're flexible enough and you're fast enough,
it's like getting hit in the head with a a giant bone hammer,
you know?
I mean it's really a brutal technique but we haven't seen it in the octagon.
How come we haven't seen it in the act to gun for the same reason why Anderson
Silva's front kick to Vito Belfort face was the first time we ever saw it.
We just need to see someone pull it off.
If one person pulled it off,
one guy who really knows how to do it and that's confidence in it,
we'll see it left and right.
It's sort of like the four minute mile.
Once it's broken,
then other people will break it.
What about the biggest,
biggest guys who are,
who are the two biggest guys now that are fighting in there?
Well,
that's a funny thing about heavyweights.
It doesn't seem that the biggest guys in the most effective in heavyweights,
once you get up to 265 pounds,
that's the heavyweight limit.
The most effective guy seemed to be about two 40 like Cain Velasquez,
junior,
dos,
Santos.
Those guys are around two 40 when you get bigger than that,
you just move a little too slow and you don't make up in horsepower what you,
what you get,
what you lose.
Rather with your,
you're having too much muscle mass.
Having your body have to pump blood through too much body mass,
too many cells to feed with oxygen,
it seems like there's a point of diminishing returns and they move slower.
It's not as much fun to watch the fight.
Well,
they move slower.
The easier to hit as well.
They're easier to hit and they can't keep up the pace like 155 pound fighter.
Like you see a light weight in the UFC,
they can,
they can blitz for five,
five minute rounds like Benson Henderson,
the lightweight champ.
That dude can go full clip for five five minute rounds.
He's got that cardio.
No heavyweight does.
They just don't.
They just don't have it.
Even Cain Velasquez who's the most conditioned heavy way,
he'll get more tired in a five round fight.
Like when he just won the title back against Junior dos Santos.
He's known for his cardio,
but he got noticed would be tired in,
in,
in that fight.
Even though he and won his title back,
he got way more tired than you would ever see like Benson Henderson get,
and it's just a matter of physics.
It's just a matter of you have to pump oxygen and blood through your dealing
with 90 more pounds of tissue than Benson has to deal with.
Tuck it.
Endurance is probably how much percentage of the winning team mission.
It's enormous for every five to 80% for every fight
gets out of the first round,
it becomes a bigger and bigger,
bigger and bigger part of the equation that you don't see any fighters that are
successful in the top 10 under 265 pounds that have stamina issues.
They never make it.
You just can't make it.
You can't make it at one 70 with stamina issues.
You know George Saint Pierre is a cardio machine,
one 55 Benson Henderson has a cardio machine,
one 85 Anderson Silva never gets tired.
Anderson Silva got throttled by Chell son and for four and a half rounds and
still pulled off a triangle off of his back in the fifth round.
I mean,
you're talking to my guy with supreme conditioning and those are the only guys
that survive in this day.
There's the,
the field is far too competitive.
There's no way to make it unless you have all the basis covered.
You'll get a certain distance with just power.
If you're like a really explosive guy who could just blitz guys and run after
them and crack them,
you'll get a certain distance,
but you'll never beat the very best guys because the very best guys will know
they will,
they have to do is run you.
There's sprint view for the first 45 minutes or 45 seconds rather than if you
don't,
if you don't catch them with a shot,
then your,
your gas tanks or any empty your attack.
I remember when this was all just starting off and it was all very iffy as to
where it could be shown and what cities would allow it to happen.
And now what?
We've got two women who are fighting.
Yeah.
And how did this just go out as great,
great fight.
Two wasn't,
it wasn't like she went in there and kick the girl's ass.
Like the girl almost got it.
Liz Carmouche was the,
the opponent and Liz Carmouche took her back and you know,
she's a marine and a lesbian.
Well,
he's talking about bad ass bitch and she wasn't there to lose.
She was there to win and she took Rhonda Rousey's
back and had her in a standing room.
Nick it choke.
It was bad or face was twisted.
Ronda is famous,
right?
Female Marine Lesbian standing rear naked choke and have that video.
Can't travel with that one.
You go overseas.
That restaurant it was,
it sounds great,
right?
It was a wildfire.
And how long did the fight go on first round.
Yeah.
And Rhonda got out of the rear naked choke,
got her to the ground and got her in an arm bar.
So she's one seven fights,
seven first round.
Armbars she's a bad ass bitch too.
It was a great fight.
It was incredible.
It was beautiful.
Where,
where did they have this Anaheim?
This was in Anaheim and was a pretty well attended.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
It was shut out.
It was craziness.
Yeah.
Excellent.
What's,
what's this say about,
uh,
the economy that the economy is falling apart?
This is thriving?
Well,
there's,
this is,
this is an element of sports and Showbiz that is just thriving.
Even if the economy is in the toilet,
which it most certainly is.
There's so many people.
I mean we were dealing with 20 million people.
Only 15,000 can go to this thing.
You know,
even in a down economy,
you're going to find 15,000 people can scrape together the cash for such an epic
event,
especially women who are like really into the UFC and now all of a sudden they
have someone who is like a role model for them.
Like you know how many girls are going to start doing martial arts now because
[inaudible] and Liz Carmouche I'm sure of it.
I'm sure of it.
It's going to be amazed.
They'll start seeing the placards in the storefront.
Windows.
Yeah.
Starting now.
Women's classes.
Women's only classes.
Yeah.
No,
no doubt about it.
There's going to be a lot more of that and now that they realize also you can
make a legit living like Rhonda Rousey if she's not rich already from that
fight,
which I'm pretty sure she is.
I don't know how much she makes off of paper view and all that jazz,
but I'm sure she's probably has more money than her wildest dreams right now.
And that's the beginning.
That girl is a superstar in athletics now and she's doing every possible talk
show.
She's doing every possible magazine interview.
Five years from now she'll be able to retire and buy herself a fucking country
somewhere and have a bunch of little brown dude's wash her feet.
We do whatever she wants.
She can't,
she can't do any wrong.
And you know,
she's a beast.
I these gals tested for steroids and what not.
How far is that come reaching in a lance Armstrong a world that's a very good
point.
Her main threat out there as a chick that calls herself Cyborg and she got
popped for steroids and she looks like a man.
She's built like pull up a picture Cyborg so you could see a picture of her cris
Cyborg.
She's uh,
she also says that she can't drop down to 135 pounds,
which is where Rhonda is the champ.
She wants rotted to come up and fight her at one 45 because she weighs even more
than that.
She cuts weight to get down there.
And a lot of people speculate that she just wants to stay on the juice and stay
as,
as thick and media as possible.
Look at the size of this beast
and she's a sear that side at Cyborg.
There's a picture of her in the inside the cage.
It's even scarier.
Um,
there's a picture of her beaten up a chick and she's just wall like a dude and
she's very skilled as well.
It's not just that she's,
you know,
a really physically strong,
she's also,
I think she won the world championships as a brown belt in Jujitsu.
She's a devastating a stand up fighter,
really good kickboxing skill,
but are,
are the athletes tested for steroids?
And she didn't,
she didn't pass.
She got an f,
she looks like a dude and she got an f,
you know,
and I'm,
I don't know how a politically incorrect or correct I can be here,
but that's kind of how I like it.
They're,
you're like a little chaos in the mix it under the fingernails happening there.
That is some masculine characteristics.
That's somebody who's been doing heavy lifting.
Yeah.
With uh,
Dick growing in their panties.
I,
uh,
have a penis.
I have a good friend who's a,
also a doctor and he's a,
he specializes in hormones and hormone therapy and,
and the reactions that people have to a certain hormones.
And he,
he got on our show and said there is not a way in the world that a woman gets
built like that and last she's taking male hormones.
It just doesn't happen.
It's got be,
yeah.
It would have to be you talking about like ridiculously thick musculature and
strange places like the traps and the neck and the shoulders and the arms.
Like you're talking about literally man sized athlete.
I'm a good strong male athletes body.
Well this brings up another question then,
and this goes into normal boxing.
Do they test for steroids,
etc.
And traditional boxing?
Oh yes they do.
Yeah.
People had been caught.
Absolutely.
Cause somebody was just talking about it on the air recently that if a athletes
or buffing up all the more and still throwing punches at each other's heads that
the injuries and the damage is going to be considerably more just because
everybody's shrugger.
Everybody's got more wallop.
Yeah.
That is the big,
that's the big debate.
Also the ability to keep punching and not get tired.
There's other things that are just as dangerous as steroids.
Like Epo.
Epo is what Lance Armstrong was using,
what all those cyclists use and what it does is it gives your body an
extraordinary amount of red blood cells,
allows you to carry oxygen and a really unnatural manner.
And what these guys are doing is they with their taking EPO and they're fighting
someone that put a pace on a guy like they can go,
they have way more endurance than it's like normally physically possible and
they'll put a pace on a guy and then wound up beating the shit out of the guy
because the guy can't keep up with their pace.
Well is it because they've trained harder or is it because they're on EPL?
Well,
it could be both,
but the EPO most certainly is a dangerous aspect of fighting.
What does B o exactly?
I don't know.
Let me pull up with the m w what it stands for.
But what it is is,
and I have a friend who has used this stuff because he was a former,
um,
uh,
professional cycler and uh,
he said that when he was on,
he was on a,
uh,
like a big cycling team.
He said they were on the bus,
they were on tour.
You would see here guys get up in the middle of the night and grabbed their bike
and hear them pull their bike off the bus and go for a ride.
They had to because the,
the blood was pooling up in their body.
Their body is producing so much red blood cells.
You literally have to go out and burn some of it off.
He said it was pretty crazy and dangerous stuff.
It's called Earth throw.
Pull,
pull point a 10 here,
throw pointin.
I'll spell it for Y,
T.
H R o p.
O.
I.
N e T.
I n earth row prior to Roe.
What pointing here regardless.
So what did they do is just pretend this is something you just take as an
injectable and then it creates red blood cells live.
You,
it's okay.
It's a glyco protein hormone that controls earth though.
Poisonous or red blood cell production.
It's a cytokine protein signaling monocle,
a molecule,
um,
and the precursors in the bone marrow and human EPO is a molecular weight of
34,000.
But it's,
is this legal for,
for any sport at all?
No,
it is not,
but it's not,
it wasn't as far as really recently tested for and fighting in the UFC at what?
They weren't testing it for the Nevada state athletic commission.
They weren't testing it for boxers.
But then,
um,
some Bob boxer,
I believe it was sugar Shane Mosley got caught for it.
You got caught for something else to stellar crew.
Well,
you know,
look,
these guys are,
they're,
they're health is on the line when they're fighting,
you know,
I mean,
you gotta think if you have a little more endurance,
if you have a little more strength,
it could keep you from getting knocked out.
It can keep you from getting beaten,
they could sure certainly make your odds of success much higher.
And so a lot of guys,
I think even though it is cheating,
they look at it pragmatically and then they look at the fact that,
look,
most of these guys are taking things including Floyd Mayweather who always is
going off about people being um,
you know,
on drugs and all these different things flipped.
It turns out he had accidentally ingested some performance enhancing stuff.
Maybe some sort of a deal to keep all that quiet.
Yeah.
Accidentally ingested that.
I'll tell you exactly if you want to know it's in a cold medicine,
clearly.
Yeah.
Well there's,
there's accidental,
um,
uh,
there's accidental consumption through supplements that you buy like Gnc.
Sure.
A lot of times they actually have supplements.
What you're buying that actually have steroids in them.
Like Brian was,
we on the show,
he's reviewed all these Dick Pills.
You know those Dick Pills that you get at a gas station,
see them?
A lot of them,
a good percentage of them are actually like either Cialis or Viagra.
They buy it in bulk form and it's actually cheap to sell and you mix it up with
some fucking wacky herbs and he sell it over the counter.
And these gas stations that do not give a fuck these 24 gas stations in the
middle of nowhere,
they'll sell these things and it's profitable and really effective because they
actually do work well.
They do do that with steroids.
Like there have been many supplement companies that have been caught and it
turns out that like athletes took their stuff and then tested positive for
steroids and then they'll take that stuff and they'll bring it to a lab and they
go,
yeah,
there's steroids in there.
Like they're,
they have illegally porch steroids and other supplements to make them effective.
So Floyd Mayweather,
a performance enhancing drug test.
Well that used to happen all the time with sudafed and the shorter thing.
Yeah.
It used to happen with sudafed.
We may really got caught.
What did he gets it positive three times for PE days.
They,
they don't have listed what he,
uh,
what he took,
but it's hilarious.
A lot of those guys are on things.
Good high percentage and if they're not on that,
you know what they are on.
Almost everyone is taking supplements,
whether it's a creatine or protein or vitamins or you know,
whatever Beta,
Alanine,
whatever,
like legal stuff that making a big difference in the ring for example.
Maybe not a big difference but a difference.
It certainly there's stuff that you can take.
Cordyceps mushrooms has a a very profound effect on endurance.
That's real.
That's legit.
I've taken that stuff.
There's a product called shroom tech sport.
Then my company actually sells that is it's based on the quarter steps of
mushroom.
There's stuff that you can take that does work and how much,
how much,
how does it register for you?
How do you,
can you tell that you get a little burst of energy or,
yeah,
just tell like I'd normally we'll be at a certain level of exhaustion to work
out,
but I'll feel like I have extra energy because of taking this stuff.
There's also beat 12 in it,
which has definitely been shown to be effective.
So the factor,
all that stuff in like beach,
well which a lot of athletes will take an injectable form before performance
cause it,
it enhances your,
your,
your energy and your ability to sustain energy.
But B,
12 is legal.
So all these things,
it becomes a matter of like if you throw in a cocktail of all these legal things
that can enhance performance that you're allowed to do,
how much of a bump does it give you?
Does it give you a 5% bump?
It might be a 10% bump.
It might mean at what point is it performance enhancing and well when you take a
steroid and it gets to 50% is that where everybody draws the line?
I don't know.
It's,
it's,
it's to be a strange day when a regular person is more fit and,
and more,
more capable than professional athletes who are natural because a regular person
is going to have gone in for gene therapy the way a girl goes in for a nose job
today cause that's,
that's going to happen.
It's just going to,
if,
if the human race stays alive,
if we don't get hit in the head by a media,
if we don't blow ourselves up,
there's gonna come a point in time within the next couple of decades where
you're going to be able to change the molecular structure of your body.
You're going to be able to reformulate how your body is shaped.
You're going to change your genetics,
you're going to change all sorts of aspects of the way your body performs and
regular people are going to be able to get it just like a regular person now has
in their pocket,
in the cell phone,
a computer processor that's greater than the computer processes that they used
and the Apollo 11 moon Lanch launch.
It's we,
we,
we have now,
it's like we have nuttiness and our pocket and we use it for what,
whatever the fuck you want.
But it's like in that 50 years,
you know,
from,
1960 whenever it was to now imagine that amount of time going by from now into
the future.
I can't imagine a time where we're not doing some sort of crazy genetic
experiments were literally from this moment on.
Yeah.
I can't imagine it.
It's gotta.
It's gotta be happening in secret to,
yeah,
behind closed doors.
There's a conspiracy.
So planet of the apes type Shit.
That's what we got to look out for that make some hybrid human chimpanzee
murderers like some soylent green shit.
He just dropped them off in Russia.
You know?
That's possible.
Crazy fucks.
I mean,
when you think about what what we do,
if we send troops to another country,
you know,
and what you're doing is you're guaranteeing that someone over there is going to
die.
Right.
You're,
you're,
you're definitely doing that.
If you could train a,
some sort of a chimpanzee that you've created in a laboratory and teach them how
to shoot a gun and send them over there and tell him to eat babies and shoot
people,
you don't think they would do it.
Joe,
what do you think about that trainee that's kind of fight in the MMA?
I was going to bring it up
from a baby eating cannibal monkeys.
Maybe there was a,
well,
she calls herself a woman,
but I tend to disagree.
And uh,
she,
um,
she used to be a man,
but now she has had,
she's a transgender,
which is a official term that means you've gone through it,
right.
And,
uh,
she wants to be able to fight women and a,
in MMA,
I say no fucking way.
I say if you had a dick at one point in time,
you also have all the bone structure that comes with having a Dick.
You have bigger hands,
you have bigger shoulder joints.
You're a fucking man and there,
that's her right there.
That's a man.
Okay.
You can't have that.
I don't care if you don't have a degree.
Yeah.
That looks like,
that looks like a guy's carriage there,
right?
Yeah.
You can't fight women.
That's fucking crazy.
I don't know why she thinks that she's going to be able to do that.
If you want to be a woman in the bedroom and you know you want to play house and
all that other shit,
and you know,
you feel like you have,
uh,
your,
your body is really Oh,
a woman's body trapped inside a man's frame.
And so you've got an operation that's all good in the hood.
But what,
you can't fight chicks get the fuck outta here.
You're out of your mind.
You need to fight men,
you know,
period.
You need to fight man your size because you're a man.
You're a man without a dick.
And I don't know what that dude next to you on the left.
I Dunno what the fuck he's trying to convince himself of.
I don't know what he's saying right now.
I don't need to hear it.
I'm looking at a man with a dress.
Okay.
And you don't,
you could act as a woman.
I will call you a her.
I will.
Uh,
but treat,
I will call you ma'am.
I'll be respectful.
But you can't fight women when you have a man's frame period.
Yeah.
Women aren't that wide.
That generates to increased punching power.
Women don't have that sort of muscle structure.
I don't what you're doing.
I don't know.
You mean obviously if you're trans operational,
it means you remove your testicles.
So your body's not producing testosterone anymore.
I Dunno if you're supplementing testosterone,
why?
If you haven't,
if your body's not producing testosterone while your arms so big,
what's going on here?
You know there's a,
there's a lot of shit going on there and you,
you can't fight women no fucking way.
I agree with that.
Finding women that looks like a guy,
that's a guy's carriage there.
Well not only that,
she's won two fights by brutal knockout.
So she's fighting women whose,
whose divisions?
Who's,
uh,
who's fight game?
Is she participating in the,
exactly.
There's variety.
There's a variety of small companies that,
um,
that are,
uh,
willing to,
allow a person like this to fight.
I say it's fucked up.
You,
you can't fight women.
You can't.
And there just to look at her record,
she's crushed two women inside the first round.
I mean,
she,
she's crushing these letters there.
What is your weight?
One 45.
She knocked out this chicken 39 seconds with a vicious knee to the head.
Man.
She looks like she's really in shape.
Them.
Look,
she's huge.
She's not just huge.
He's got a fucking man's face.
I mean,
you can wear all the lipstick you want.
You want to be a woman and you want to take female hormones.
You want to get a boob job.
That's all fine.
I,
I support your life to live.
You're right to live as a woman.
What about her fighting guys in five guys?
Yes.
She has to fight guy.
It's not,
first of all,
she's not really a shape.
She's transgender.
A postdoc person.
So she supposedly after the operation.
Yeah,
the operation doesn't shave down your bone density.
It doesn't change.
You look at a man's hands and you look at a woman's hands and they're,
they're built different,
they're just thicker.
They're stronger.
Your risks are thicker,
your elbows are thicker,
your joints are thicker.
The,
the just the mechanical function of punching the a man can do it much harder
than a woman can.
Period.
He looks slow.
So like he's been doing a athletics since he was nothing years old.
You don't just start boxing and then that's what you look like.
And uh,
I got to imagine there's a lot of female fighters out there who are relatively
new to the game within the last five suburbs.
And I am,
I support 100% anyone's right to be transgender.
This is not where it lies with me.
Like I'm not a prejudice person.
I don't know what you feel in your body.
I don't know if you really are a woman trapped in a man's body.
I'm support your right to do whatever you want to do.
Go for it.
If that's what makes you happy,
I would not try to stop that at all.
And I support it 100%.
The real issue comes with violent competition with women and the reality of the
physical structure of your body.
The reality of the physical physical structure is not fair.
You can't say that 145 pound woman and 145 pound man art.
Even that's like saying,
uh,
you know,
a 30 pound poodle and a 30 pound pit bull or just two dogs cause they're not,
one of them is distributed.
It's mass in a quite a different way.
It's built for quite a different purpose and men are built for smashing shit.
Women,
women are built for getting held down and by the stronger a male monkey and you
know,
and women are built for carrying babies and doing work and whatever other non
hyper explosive physical things you would want to do with your body.
But they're not built for hyper explosive physical violence.
They're just not.
That's,
they have more dainty frames.
The hands are smaller and even if they are big,
they're not big.
Like a big man is.
It's not fair.
And it's not,
I'm not trying to discriminate against women in any way,
shape or form.
And I'm a big supporter of women's fighting.
I'd loved watching that and lump Ronda Rousey,
Liz Carmouche Carmouche fight.
But those are actual women.
There's an actual women.
And as strong as Ronda Rousey looks,
she still looks to me like a,
a pretty girl.
She's a beautiful girl who happens to be strong.
There's,
she's a girl.
This is not a girl.
Okay.
This is a transgender woman.
It's a totally different right away.
Some of the usual stuff that haunts this kind of thing.
Like women's bodybuilding or women's boxing.
It's fighting.
Or how about some crazy dude who wants to beat the fuck out of chick so he gets
his dick chopped off.
I mean that's not outside the realm of possibility.
There's a lot of suicidal fucks out there.
There's a lot of people that are like on the edge anyway,
like getting your Dick chopped off,
you know,
you're going to pay attention to me.
Okay,
I'll chop my dick off.
I'll be a girl for a while.
Like there,
there's people out there that are fucking crazy and you can't let him fight
girls grant.
I agree.
And is she trying to get into the real uh,
the real fight game?
Well,
yes,
she wants,
she's doing what?
She's in the,
the CFA,
which is a,
a smaller but legit organization.
I've,
I've heard of this organization and I think they actually broadcast on sometimes
they broadcast on a,
on cable television so you can watch this fight.
Um,
the CFA is uh,
you know,
there,
there are legit like farm organization I would say our IB organization that has
talented fighters,
guys that are coming up and you know,
it's,
it's a,
it's a good organization.
I just don't,
I don't agree with the athletic commission letting this happen.
Is the athletic commission letting something happen?
I don't know if either is that or they're doing these things on Indian grounds.
If they do them in Indian reservations,
which we used to do all the old a MMA fights like the king of the cage.
We used to have to go to watch those at Indian reservation.
We used to go way out in the middle of nowhere.
A lot of them even took place outdoors and those days are,
you still can see in places that don't have sanctioning,
you still can see.
And then they fights at Indian reservations that go by like really wacky rules.
Like you wear shoes and you know,
this guy hasn't trained at all and this guy is at 45 and you know the those
mismatches and stuff,
those can still take place because they don't have athletic commissions.
Gotcha.
They might have athletic commissions and they also might have a bunch of people
that are on steroids and nobody testing like you don't really know what you're
going to get because they're their own sort of sovereign nation.
You know when you're on Indian land,
if you are on native American land,
when you were in a reservation that they essentially can make their own athletic
commission eve if it's illegal.
In California,
they were still holding fights and King of the cage all throughout that illegal
time.
All of it was being done on Indian reservations.
Why?
Why on Indian reservations?
Just because it's a sovereign state,
they can do whatever the fuck they want.
That's how they have casinos,
you know?
It's like when prostitution legal then on that,
I don't think they want that.
I don't think they want that crazy Indian out there that has a bonus.
He's got his own hookers and he's got his own stable.
Those guys have so much money too.
I mean,
but basically happened was,
you know,
the United States or you know,
the founding humans that traveled across the United States when they like
essentially caused genocide on the North American or native American Indian
population.
They,
what they did was they granted them some patches of land.
You know,
these reservations,
they fucked them over.
They got smaller and smaller over the years,
but some of them still remained into the 20th century.
And that's when these guys said,
well,
this is our land.
Right?
Then we have our own little nation.
What about a casino and a,
yeah,
I guess you could do whatever you want.
So boom,
Foxwoods,
all these different places where it was illegal to have casinos got tremendous
success.
Just putting casinos on these Indian lands.
I remember.
Yeah.
So if this chick fights on Indian land,
I guess she can do,
they could do whatever you want.
I don't see the Nevada state athletic commission allowing a woman to fight a man
though.
Even the transgender,
a transgender woman still.
It's so well known that no,
she,
she's not going to,
there's a 50 year old guy that is um,
in high school or in college rather playing women's basketball.
He's 50,
he's like six foot fucking something or another.
This guy's a,
he's six foot six.
Okay.
And he's 230 pounds.
He's a giant motherfucker and he's playing competitive basketball and these 18
to 20 year old women.
So he's in college,
he's 50.
He's got a Dick hacked off.
So he's a woman now.
Oh really?
Yes.
So He's a transgender woman competing against 18 to 20 year old college growth.
Actual normal college girls.
Of course he is.
He's fucking enormous.
These chicks are like five foot one and shit.
He's six,
six,
230 is nothing that anybody can say.
I don't know.
I don't understand it.
I don't know why anybody would ever allow that.
When it comes to competitive athletics,
that's where you've got to draw the line.
You're allowed to wear makeup,
you're allowed to say your name is Shirley,
you allowed to do whatever this is the guy.
Look at it.
See what I mean?
What the fuck,
man.
Look at the giant hands on this woman.
You would net.
That's not a woman.
That's a nightmare.
That's,
that's you.
You sort of sober up and you realize this guy's in your kitchen going,
come on,
let's go in the bedroom.
And you're like,
wait a minute.
What?
Put your penis inside of my penis.
You're like,
what's going on?
What is that's,
that's a nightmare.
And there's another photo of her actually playing basketball,
like with the women.
And it's so scary because she's so much bigger than the women.
That's where there's a reason why women play basketball.
Yeah.
Look at that man.
That's ridiculous.
Beyond ridiculous.
There's a reason why women play with women.
It's because it's a fucking sport and they're the same size
and no woman would ever get this tattoo.
Uh,
Barb fence without,
what is that a wolf?
It's like a lightning bolt
head.
What is that?
It's a shrunken head.
That Barb wire thing?
Yeah.
What does that monster face?
It looks like a wolf.
Wolf.
Wolf Wolf and Barb wire.
Crazy.
Both arms it looks like.
Yeah.
Well two wolves.
One's on her tits.
Yeah.
Does she have to take tests?
Why would they allow that?
Someone in the mission college,
you know,
it's the,
the,
the mission college was in Fremont,
California.
Um,
I don't know how this is allowed.
I don't know how it happened.
They call her Gabby.
I Dunno.
Gavi winning.
Cause if Gabbie's winning then you got an issue.
If it's easier if there before she was Gabby,
her name was Robert.
John Ludwig.
Jesus Christ.
What the fuck.
And not only that,
he's fucking 50.
Wow.
I mean what a crazy old fuck.
Yeah.
What's he doing in college?
While he probably always wanted to be a girl and a,
always wanted to relive his life as a girl.
So He's going back to college and I don't know if there's like age restrictions
for competitive sports in all colleges.
I mean I,
I think it's certainly there isn't,
I guess
however this school 50 come on.
Yeah,
they don't care if he can keep up with the team.
You used to train at a Benny the jet center in California?
Yeah,
number of years ago.
How do you know that?
I just started out there when I first came to California,
but they closed the place down because of the A,
I came right after the earthquakes,
but when the earthquakes,
after everything settled down,
there was so much roof damage that that place when it rained in the winter just
got fucked.
And so they had to get out of there.
So I was only there for as many months as it took before it started raining
around here again and they realize how bad the damage really was and the roof.
And then they moved to North Hollywood and I trained there for a little while,
but it's just outside of my,
uh,
my distance.
Where do you train now or you're still training?
Yeah,
accident or have a disc issue in my back.
So I haven't been doing any Jujitsu for a few months.
Doing kickboxing.
I have a bulging disc.
Sure enough.
What does that bother?
Most Times,
more times than not.
More in Jujitsu than anything else.
I'm a able to kick and punch and lift weights,
do a lot of things,
but getting my neck yanked on,
that's when it becomes a problem.
Like when someone is trying to submit me or pulled down on my neck.
It prices a lot of pressure and it can pinch the nerves.
Sure.
No painful.
Yeah.
That disc is always the Jujitsu key outta there.
Huh?
That's the,
that's what always a catches up from that art form their discs.
Definitely.
Yeah.
A lot of guys have disc issues.
Ricardo Laborio scare the shit out of me.
He's a famous Jujitsu guy.
He told me he has seven herniated discs and I was like seven.
How many of them are there?
Seven of them that are bulging out and 13 against nerves.
Yeah.
There are pinching and he's walking.
Yup.
She is in pain.
Is he always in pain?
Always in pain.
Yeah.
He's always in pain and he doesn't compete anymore either.
He's a trainer,
he's still rolls with guys,
but he's not a,
he's not competing anymore.
He was a very high level Brazilian Jiu Jitsu competitor at one point in time and
then became the coach,
one of the head coaches at American top team,
but like his back is fucked.
It's guys.
Yeah.
How do you even get that fixed that,
that many desks I don't have again,
slowly but surely there's,
there's ways to do it.
And one of the things that they're doing now is they're actually replacing the
discs with an artificial disc and a,
they screw it in place.
It's like a plastic spacer.
I've seen them in person cause uh,
one of the first guys to ever get it done to start competing again.
And it was a guy named Nate quarry and uh,
Nate has these spacers where they take out your disc and they screw this thing
into the bone and it's like rigid in place where you disk used to be and it kind
of gives a little,
it's made out of like this plastic substance he able to roles.
He's still able to fight on four times with an artificial disc.
Yeah,
he's had one artificial disc and I think he has to have his disc in his next
fused
craziness.
Man,
that's a high price to phase and not one guy either.
What's scaring the shit out of me is that before I was having back problems,
I heard about guys getting injured.
I heard about guys getting surgery and know Tito Ortiz had two surgeries like
that.
He has a space around his back as well as a fuse disc in his neck.
But I didn't think about it in terms of like the overall sport until I got my
own injury.
And then I started asking all sorts of people like trainers and the honey,
do you ever have any problems with your back?
And I got three herniated discs.
Like what?
Like everybody has them,
you know,
the disc,
the disc issue is a real issue.
Yeah.
Scary stuff.
It is.
And arms and stuff.
Sure.
It's the one ticket that a very few people do talk about,
Huh?
Yeah.
It's a problem.
I think it's a career changer is if,
you know when your back gets involved,
you know,
I have lower back issues for many years.
Yeah.
You Bet.
Do you do yoga?
Um,
yeah.
But usually that's not the ticket to,
uh,
you know,
just helping,
you know.
Nah,
it's usually a matter of strengthening that whole area can have full wraparound
where your hips are getting good,
strong muscle in all day,
you know,
sit ups and backups and all in that area there because it's stretching.
It is kind of what pops them out.
Well,
yes and no.
Um,
the,
that strengthening is very important.
You're absolutely right about that.
But one thing you can do by stretching and by a lot of yoga exercise is you,
you're sort of elongating your spine.
You can actually help relieve some of the compression that just comes from
gravity and poor posture and you can actually strengthen good posture with a lot
of the yoga poses.
Yoga has been very helpful for me while I've been going through this and a good
strong like yoga session or alleviates a lot of stress in my back.
I feel like a lot of tension.
Relaxed.
It feels much,
much better.
What kind of Yoga are you doing?
Do a little bit hot yoga,
a little beak rooms.
I do a bunch of different kinds in the room and where they turn the heat up a
lot.
I like that.
I do it at home by myself too.
I have some DVDs that I follow.
Yeah.
Very cool.
Yeah,
stretching is very,
very important.
You know,
you probably have the most flexible rock star,
the history of the world.
Would you say?
Well I do.
I do a lot of,
before it was yoga,
we used to call it stretch it.
Yeah.
Who else throw those crazy kicks?
I mean as a way of life,
you know,
staring at a little piece of floor and holding the physician.
Well when I was at a time
one doe competitor in my high school years and I was a huge van Halen Fan,
I always took pride in the fact that David Lee Roth can throw some fucking
kicks.
There you go.
You can throw some legit shit.
And then I was like,
oh shit.
He trains at the jet center.
Yup.
Like the Jet Center for kickboxers.
It was like back in the day it was Mecca.
Benny or keyed is at one point in time was the man when it came to kickboxing in
America.
I got really lucky in that a,
I always used my,
uh,
my celebrity is a passport to meet people to get involved in school and learn
from those folks and uh,
all the stuff,
you know,
that people that you're mentioning,
I still use their warmup tips.
I still use those training ideas and how I eat and everything is really,
it's been the balance for me.
Uh,
you what really careful with your diet?
I obviously fit,
I call,
I call it a crack a diet like a crocodile.
It's mostly birds and a whatever kind of greenery comes with it.
Occasionally a fish gets in there,
but mostly his chickens and alerting an antelope that fucks up and gets too
close to the water hole.
Chickens and turkeys and a greenery and whatever falls in with it.
I love it.
But,
uh,
not so much anymore.
Got a really good
watch out.
Do you find health wise there's repercussions to eating meat?
Like,
Oh yeah,
Batman.
You can't outrun that cheeseburger.
Cheeseburger,
right?
What about like grass fed beef or anything?
Like
you have to be so careful because uh,
you know,
the mistake that most of us make is all,
well my pants size hasn't changed since junior college,
so I'll just continue with the Diet.
But then your metabolism slows down and you know,
he got to watch
out because you'll be eating a lot of red meat or things that are like,
you know,
whatever French fries,
et Cetera,
and thinking that because your pants size hasn't changed that you're in front of
it in that ain't the case,
can't outrun it.
You got to balance out what you eat with how much you actually train.
Do you ever talk to her nutritionist?
Do you like read books on any of that?
I've been through many from nutritionist.
My sister wasn't nutritionist for many years.
You don't really have
to worry too much about red meat,
you know,
W with red meat.
The real issue with red meat is people that are fat and people that are not
exercising and people that are,
especially if you're eating a lot of corn fed meat,
there's a lot of fat in corn fed meat,
but meat itself,
as long as it's in moderation,
especially grass fed meat is actually pretty good for you.
I love red meat game,
especially wild game.
The issue with grass fed meat like people,
well,
what's the big deal with grass fed?
It tastes different.
No.
Well,
it doesn't just taste different.
It's a healthier animal.
The first of all,
animals are not supposed to beat and corn cows are not naturally designed to
Acorn as fact.
Watch the movie food inc if you're curious about,
well,
I think I've seen that.
It's terrible.
It's terrible for their bodies and that's what makes him so fucking fat and
delicious.
When you slept,
no benches down on a grill,
ribeye steak and all that,
it's juice,
but it's not nearly as healthy for you as a grass fed meat.
Grass Fed beef is actually,
it actually aids your body and burning fat at Brown grass had beat for athletic
performance is far superior to corn fed beat.
You're eating a healthy animal as opposed to a sick animal and it's just going
to be just more nutritious.
There's,
there's more vitamins in it and there's more nutrients.
It's,
it's far better for you and it tastes different.
Um,
it's less fatty so it's not quite as tender.
But I like it.
I like it more.
I prefer like the taste of grass fed meat and the taste of wild game too.
Fatty co like corn fed beef because I know what's going on.
That said every now and then,
little in and out,
three by three
with some fries.
I figure if I'm going to eat in a burger,
I'm going to have three patties.
Fuck.
What about though?
Like like cholesterol,
low cholesterol is only an issue.
Again,
if you're not monitoring it,
if you're not watching your diet,
if you have some hereditary issues,
and if you're not exercising on a regular basis,
you've got to,
you've got to create a nuclear blast furnace that everything gets tossed into
and the only way to do that is to put your body in this constant state of
recovery.
You're constantly breaking it down and constantly recovering it so your body is
constantly in this state where it knows it has to perform athletically,
it has to burn off flash.
It's not going to waste any effort.
It's not going to waste any energy.
Rather it's going to,
you're going to make sure that when you're taking in nutrients,
they get absorbed as soon as you get sedentary and then you're eating like
massive amounts of animal protein and then your body just pooling up with fats.
You know,
it's,
and what's even worse for you?
Honestly,
it's fucking carbohydrates.
Carbohydrates in in massive quantities like most people eat them,
especially like sugars,
like you talking about like ice cream and cake and so that stuff is just
clogging you.
It's terrible for you.
It's,
it's in fact sugar is like really like a mild toxin.
It's not good for you in any way,
shape or form.
It's not so just not so mild.
Yeah.
Good.
A good wallop of sugar.
Like are you kidding?
And some caffeine and a you can get a lot done
but it tastes yummy.
Yeah.
I mean it's,
it's hard to get past that.
How do we turn it to our nutrition conversation with David Lee Roth?
Because I wanted to know cause you're,
you're fit and you're energetic and wanting to know if you like,
but you're still smoking.
Marlboro's yeah,
I think on occasion a contradiction.
What to do,
what to do.
Do you find that in Japan it's easier to maintain a healthy diet because they
are of a much less fatty diet over there then we do in America.
God,
it's so easy to,
Stevie wonder it.
You don't have to look around at all.
It's insensitive.
I know you put your hand over your eyes and just point we will be pointing is
somewhere that a is reasonable to eat.
You know?
Like I said,
my diet is basically a,
you know,
birds and fish and rice and beans and the clean stuff.
And a,
in Japan there's 3000 variations of that 3000 variations of noodle soup.
There's 3000 variations of chicks
cannot Aztec.
I remember something you said to me at the comedy store.
I've never forgotten.
I thought it was so funny.
You were talking about,
uh,
checks about groupies,
like really,
really hot chicks that were fans and about how like you were living in the
stairmaster era.
You like these gals are in their forties and they look sensational.
Like nobody or saw this before.
You were like,
he's,
this ain't your mom's 40.
True,
right?
Yes,
it is true.
It's a different,
a different era.
Oh,
it's a hugely different era in dingy Japan.
You know,
we were talking about Yoga and women think nothing of going to a Bikram from
yoga session in the hotbox with complete face makeup and complete hairdo,
et cetera.
In Japan,
again,
totally the gyms are full.
The women get dressed up like they're going to a fashion place 100% of the time
is they're trying to hook up.
Is that what it is?
Put a signal,
I think,
uh,
first off in a country where virtually everybody has the same color hair,
it's probably a little more difficult,
you know,
to stand out,
right?
Oh yeah,
that's right.
And think about it.
Virtually everybody's got a black hair cut in there.
So you know right away you got your work cut out for you a little bit.
Their face paint goes a long way.
Oh hell yeah.
What have you found out that that's not common practice?
They're only doing it because they found out David Lee Roth was taking notes
while he's mentioned it.
This is the hookup.
This is,
this haunts me
at the first that I've had to examine this,
this idea.
Is it a weird,
I mean that famous so long.
I mean,
you're such an easy going guy.
I mean it's one of the things that impressed me the most when I met you at the
comedy store.
You are the most normal,
like regular down to Earth Guy.
If someone didn't know you,
they would never know that you like one of the biggest rock stars in the history
of music.
You're a regular guy.
Like the way you're here.
You didn't come with an entourage.
He showed up by herself like,
Hey,
what's up?
You like your normal,
you know,
that's how the fuck did you maintain that?
I get the balance.
The balance is a,
you know,
a lot of what we're talking about like in the martial arts and travel and
whatnot is I'm a beginner.
I'm not the boss.
I'm not the Alpha male you follow when I go to train in a class,
I'm not the shot caller at all.
Um,
and I've always had that,
oh,
I like people in a general sense.
Can being conversant,
being able to have conversation to tell stories and carry on.
I was a big part of,
um,
what I do for a living.
You gotta be a people watcher and if the world is constantly watching you,
then everybody alters their behavior.
You got to be able to kind of fit in the way a good a report or money,
you know,
thinking like if you were a wartime reporter,
you don't want to wear bright colors,
you want to just sort of fit in,
blend right in and always be there just a couple inches behind going.
You know,
I've got a couple of questions.
If you've got a second here,
can I,
can I ask you about that tank over there?
That's a remarkable balance that you,
you,
you've been able to pull that off because it's most rock stars when you meet
them,
they're just so removed from the general public.
It makes the conversations a little
awkward.
It would make it really awkward I would think in,
you know,
in terms of what do,
what do you have debts mutual,
what do you,
what do you know in your life that's mutual?
What are the fascinations,
you know,
what are,
what,
what are your interests?
You know,
because that can be a pretty,
a pretty diverse,
got to have a pretty diverse taste in things.
Yeah.
But your,
your hope personalities,
it's a different sort of take on things like,
I don't know a lot of people that would just go to Japan for 10 months like
that.
And how old are you?
58 years old.
Boom.
He just fought in Japan for a fucking year.
That's not a lot of deep learning at to sword fight.
I mean,
it's fucking crazy.
Yeah,
it's a,
it's eccentric to a degree.
Single,
not tied down at all and don't do whatever the fuck you want to do.
Yup.
You like a Goddamn Leonard's candidate song.
Give a fuck he does out there.
It's free.
I mean like legitimately man.
That's admirable and you're loving it.
Look at you.
You can't be happier.
It's not possible to be happier than you.
I Heidel somewhere between not too pissed and somewhat pissed.
That's how you idle now.
You Bullshit.
You said that earlier.
It's like you saying that you're hard to work with.
You know,
I don't think I've hard to work that hard to work hard change.
I bet you fight against someone trying to manipulate or,
or direct you not remember.
I remember when we were picking for a jury recently about,
Eh,
well,
a year ago,
um,
and they were picking for a murder trial over in the Pasadena courthouse.
And the fellow says,
is there anybody here who isn't going to get themselves disqualifies there?
Anybody here who's qualified to,
uh,
try this case?
And I was the only one who raised his hand.
Really?
So,
uh,
you know,
um,
I'm willing to listen.
And the guy says,
uh,
okay sir.
He says,
uh,
I think I know who you are.
He says,
um,
oh,
would you listen to everybody else's idea behind while you're deliberating on
this trial instead of certainly,
he said,
but you would try to convince them they were wrong if you had another idea,
right?
And I said,
yes,
that's accurate.
And you dismissed me because
charismatic,
you can do charismatic,
you'd manipulate it in your favor.
Well,
you're the lever on the bench.
Certainly not my one.
My first time in the Pasadena courthouse,
you know,
when our first time was Alex van Halen.
And I had to sue the Mayfield School of the holy child of Jesus Incorporated for
$125.
This was in 1975,
I think.
1970 625.
What was that about?
Well,
it was in a contract.
We had played a,
a a dance and in the one page contract it said there will be no smoking,
uh,
backstage.
There will be no marijuana consumed.
There will be no drinking,
et Cetera,
cetera.
And uh,
one of the sisters was nuns at the time,
claimed that she smelled pot smoke backstage and a refuse to pass our hundred
and $25 for the band.
So hungry bitch,
was he she right?
Well,
no,
there was no pot smoke and she just made it up.
She may have smelled Marlboro's actually those were Campbell Campbell filters.
But,
um,
uh,
Alex and I went and we bought a clip on ties so we could fool the judge and we
tied our hair back and we went to small claims court and filed.
Did you win?
Um,
well what happened was,
uh,
sat in front of the judge.
We sat on one side and on the other side,
uh,
two sisters,
two nuns came in and a family,
a father,
a mother,
and three of the daughters in school uniforms,
you know,
they played it up hard.
And uh,
the judge says,
why or who filed here?
I said,
sir,
I did.
He said,
it's $125.
And uh,
there was no smoke,
there was no smoking of anything illegal backstage,
whatever.
And um,
he had the,
one of the nuns stand up and she said,
I refused to pay him because I smelled marijuana smoke.
And,
uh,
the judge says,
what is your answer to that?
Sure.
And I stood up and I said,
sister,
how do you know what marijuana smoke smells like?
$25 later
paid for the t shirt.
Yeah.
How would she know?
Did you know that that's what they used to having those incense things when the
walks down the aisle?
Yes.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
They burn cannabis.
The,
yes.
He used to use cannabis oil.
They used to use cannabis oil underneath their,
their,
their religious hats.
Yeah.
It's common practice.
Kenneth was used as a sacrament for a lot of different religions.
I did not know that.
I thought it was like incense or something.
Yeah,
it is now,
you know.
Yeah.
But there's a lot of evidence that cannabis was used in that way
and has ever contacted you about,
there was a rumor going back a couple months ago that if they ever put together
nirvana that they would want you as the lead singer.
Did you even hear about this or did they ever even contacted you about that?
Well,
there's a whole lot of noise,
a backstage going on at a,
at these affairs.
Okay.
And,
uh,
what started it was there was a picture of me with the Jonas brothers at a
Christmas party.
And uh,
the rumor got started that I was actually going to be in the Jonas brothers.
So,
uh,
I helped to fuel that room.
Did you?
Yes,
I did.
Did you ever meet Kurt or were you a fan of Nirvana?
Uh,
let's stick with the Jones
brothers.
Oh,
snap.
No,
I didn't.
I did not know the,
uh,
the fellows at the time.
I'm,
I'm since met day,
but,
um,
I don't know,
uh,
the grunge movement so well,
but,
um,
the rumors started backstage at the,
uh,
Henson recording studio at a Christmas party and then a number of people started
getting involved in it.
You know,
did you spread that rumor and all as well?
I did.
I put that on the,
uh,
on the Internet,
you know,
who am I to get in the way of a good rumor?
Now if someone wants,
watch your show.
What is the best way to,
is it on iTunes?
Yeah.
itunes.com the Roth show.
You can get David Lee roth.com,
the website.
You can find this pretty easily here.
So
yeah,
so I'm on David Lee roth.com.
Who's,
what is this,
this,
this photograph?
What does that have?
I just the latest photo.
That's a something from New York City.
What is that?
That thing you're standing in?
It's actually a table.
Somebody built a table by the water.
It's kind of odd looking at the dope picture.
Um,
and you show is also on youtube as well.
Yep.
So you can,
how many episodes have you done?
So,
Ooh,
we're up to I think number 11,
and we just passed a two and a half million downloads.
So it's time to talk about it.
Wow.
Powerful.
Beautiful.
Often running.
Yup.
Well,
uh,
we'll get some people on it,
man.
Go Now,
ladies and gentlemen,
go checkout David Lee roth.com.
Go,
um,
go on iTunes.
Subscribe.
Go on Youtube,
subscribe,
listen,
watch,
learn.
Take it all in bitches.
You have been blessed.
We need to go to Japan and visit.
Okay,
well you know what,
I'm,
I'll probably go um,
uh,
if they have a,
a UFC pay per view there again,
the UFC is doing very well in Japan,
so if we do,
we'll party.
Man,
I'll bring you down there.
We'll get some Sushi together.
We'll have a fucking vegetable shindig.
We'll have a great time.
Eat like crocodiles.
Some dude's kick some ass.
Hopefully no dudes with no dicks with beat up chicks and I'll have to eat my
words.
I just,
if I have to call a transgender versus a woman just meeting these people are,
they're going to be pissed.
Well listen man,
I told him I support your right to be that person.
I don't have no problem with you and your choices,
but you can't be knocking out checks 20 seconds.
That's like,
that sounds like what it would be if a guy was fighting to check.
Yeah.
You hear about a 22nd knockout.
That sounds about right.
You beating up girls.
You fuck.
Anyway.
Powerful.
David Lee Roth.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
It's been an honor.
This was a blast.
This is,
we were looking forward to this for weeks were so psyched about today and uh,
it was as good as it could have possibly asked for everyone to do it again,
man.
Please.
Anytime you tell me,
I'll fucking,
we'll start this bitch up in the middle of the night for you.
We'll come down here and crank it over and David Lee Roth on Twitter,
David Lee roth.com go take it all in your Fox.
Uh,
thanks to hover for sponsoring our show.
Go to hover.com forward slash Rogen and get 10% off your domain name
registrations.
Thanks.
Also to square space.
If you go to squarespace.com forward slash Joe,
you can check it all out.
And if you use the offer code Joe too,
you can get 10% off your first purchase on new accounts.
Remember,
if you can go there,
you just try it out.
You don't even have to pay for it when you try it out.
You could start building a website.
If you like it,
you decide to purchase.
Use the offer code Joe too,
and get 10% off.
All right,
we will see you guys back to no,
this Friday night,
Friday,
this Friday night with a theoretical physicist,
a doctor.
I'm Ma go swami.
I hope I'm saying his name right,
but he is a fascinating,
fascinating man and he's going to talk to us about the nature of reality and
matter and string theory and it's,
you're gonna,
you're going to want to take notes and you're going to want to be high as fuck.
Okay,
we'll see you guys Friday.
God bless and Jihad to you all.